NC and NH.
You do know west teams play against west teams more than east teams right?
They were underdogs earlier today, but since Gronk's announcement this afternoon, the Vegas line has moved to patriots -1
This meme isn't funny none of the "new york nigga" ones are.
I could use one of those tools.
I don't pay attention to her, but as long as she's legal I wouldn't kick her out of bed (before she took a load)
Trick or treating in general is just weird...
Blade Mastery+Masamune or GTFO!
You don't have to, you have a good build, buy games or save it
I would love to see him at lolla.
I think a significant amount would be against spending their tax dollars on other people.
Damn I was hoping God was real
They have an agenda.
Great idea!
Ayy bb wassup, it makes a bit more sense in context
what the fuck
noted.
because it's what really bothers him... and it's a sign of weakness.
why you fail me, my precious?
Pre-Flashpoint Clark and Lois.
She hugs him back tightly, burying her head into the space between his collar bone and shoulder.
At this point they're so stable I could build a house out of em
Conservatism as an ideology is for sure a reaction to liberalism, but that is not to say it has not developed into something other than that since its conception.
Maybe not control, but certainly that is evidence of collusion.
Mine auto renewed without asking me the other day.
466
Jesus is a FNAF fan confirmed
This would make me cry.
At first I thought it was instructions on fixing a car.... It wasn't.
This guy, there's no way he isn't trolling, right?
New
Because they're not real human beings with actual feelings, according to the videos put together by the GB.......
Side of a Bullet is fucking great.
But they'll have all those reviews!
Kiiiiiiiil me
r/fuckyouididthemath
Even about that round of golf?
My stuffed animal I've had since I was born.
I only watched the first 20 mins bc I fell asleep but in that time he already had drank a Coke Zero and had opened a diet Mountain Dew
Lube up and take it?
Funny how the media chose to never bring it up this election
cant go wrong with yahudi and DAP ....Soros as well
1571049
Roger is such a good owner
wow it is totally unreasonable to assume that the agency that covered up Bush war crimes because "muh republican party" would be partisan as fuck
Ho ho ho... But Melania said that there is no way it could have happened because she didn't know the woman!
TBH, that giant dent was probably made by the glacier itself.
How I'm considered an asshole because I let people know that most of the shit they do or have is because of a trend that'll die out in a month.
Try talking to the department head
run run pass punt
2 CC3 + 2 CC2s for Loopers.
Aftermarket mods tho
For me, it's suce... success that give me the most trouble.
is it worth it to go for mushroom stews?
Yes, but each battle, 10 3112 Snorlax will last more than a minute
I believe you can buy just the Happy Meal toys for $1.99 each
Found the Steins Gate fan.
If you're buying something at only 20% off, you dun goofed.
Why would anyone ever think she talks shit about young people in private?
John Lott is a hack an the only people who give him credence are those that want to keep any safety regulations away from guns.
I believe ForeVs playing offlane
While I'm no fan of Bo1s (and I hate tournaments without winner and loser bracket as the second best team may very well end up 5-8th) this isn't the reason why a team should fail a groupstage.
That fan is backwards.
Should have been a lunatic you get to build a pyramid for your cat.
most wow players are peasants, so thats not really a good argument here, and calling stealing a reference is scummy as fuck, referencing includes changing it to the point were its recognizable but still has its own uniqueness, like dark souls references berserk without directly putting in guts
Keep the dog dump the dude is the only answer dog owners ever need.
I can't wait until @potus starts a twitter war against Morning Joe.
That jawline tho
Oh come on
gotta love the teachers who give exams on the day after halloween
my last name is simpson irl and you gave me quite a frighten before i remembered the yellow-people show
The hell is that face in the middle left
Page 13 - After two babies, or five years of marriage, whichever comes first, mommy and daddy will completely stop doing steps 3-5, except on their anniversary or when Daddy's secretary gets fired again.
Yeah, it's not enough like COD for you.
Hoiberg said "great players", not Dwight
SPOILERS!
Oh, I never realized it was so easy, why had I, and every other lonely person on earth never thought of that before?
1985 Yugo HAHAHA
I totally agree!
Which is still a really good deal
About tree fiddy
In the days after 9/11, America appeared quite united against *another* common threat...
BMW drivers
Imagine doing that shit in a forest or park at night Fuck
*suicide watch*
Kala ko ba sabi nya dati China at Russia na ang tutulong sa Pinas?
I haven't tried henna.... Mainly because it's so permanent, I don't think I'm up for that kind of commitment haha.
Eww the Mac in the background
Quick someone photoshop Scooby as a puppy.
You can turn that shit off.
In archery, if at full draw their elbow is below their heart.
You and me both, I've been pretty uptight about Disney and Star Wars since I'm a fan old the old EU, but I have seen what disney has done to Star Wars and do say I don't disagree with what they've done with it.
Lime Neptunes + add for gt?
They are automatically taken away and they give you a low amount of salvage
He's gotta be a doggo, puppers aren't s'posed to drink
1,512,798
I honestly wouldn't mind that
as much as i hate the liberals i have to give them credit for intervening here
That'd be hilarious to just blow up some party spots with a book on tape or some 1940s big band music.
Buy Pepe
I couldn't even breathe for a few seconds after reading this because I was laughing so hard.
Easy now, no need to get carried away
Price for PSTV is going up?
I know the devs have no plans to nerf DS right now, but I bet they do in the next few patches
If you don't have 3 you're doing something wrong.
Your bf sounds like he might have an extra chromosome or two
lets hope this 'Swindle' is a perpetual check and not a surprise mating ;)
Female Jim Jones...on target !
We didn't say they were sober fans.
Are we not doing phrasing anymore?
Frankly she doesn't act like she cares now.
Zip lines are cool, but I'm more interested in what appears to be a swimming pool underneath her that is larger than my hometown.
Them spokes on the rims are pimp though
Grab a coat for these patriots!
He tore one getting in, and the other after refusing help to the back
Tang in a Mocha
Careful what you wish for, Aldon Smith comes back and the Raiders still need to play you guys at mile high.
Sorry, didn't mean to.
L
Bots don't send their best people.
Sometimes I wonder how there's still anything left to burn in those bombed out buildings.
Mr Garrison is the next President.
They aren't speaking English,
395 titan ozymandias_3
Making arrows worse sure
Like 250 --300 at most
You don't get the life insurance payout either.
What is up with Joe's reaction to andy Ogle getting KO'd by Amir?
Yeah, that part of the video got a real weird porn vibe to it.
Test dummy bot?
all of which is irrelevant to whether or not Assange self imposed his detention or whether the government "arbitrarily" did
No, he did not.
I figure the alt-Right would have a field day.
Wtf lmaoo
Bang bang bang
No problem, thank *you* :)
Isn't it kinda obvious the way we immediately traded down after the Rams traded up for Goff?
And even wars such as Egyptian Unification war, a whopping 5316 years ago (Ish)
"Just wait, gimme a sec"
no, you's a pronoun
My comment very similar to this went down a fucking storm when this first happened.
Sounds like you're making assumptions that cannot be proven.
YOU HAVE A JOB TO DO
i love tom i love the gif i love that i... still don't get it, none of the angles so far make sense
Lucio time travelled to when he had short hair Duh
Which silencer?
Oh, you bastard.
We definitely have "discipline", but a lot of good that's doing us
"Made people aware of the danger they were in and forced them to industrialize" This is I D E O L O G Y at its purest.
Marvalz challenge
Maar wie zwijgen lopen de kans niets te krijgen!
r/tf2shitposterclub
I would love if they all spoke in turn and switched their LEDs from blue to red and back again.
I imagine they are small marks and if you weren't looking for them wouldn't see them.
t_d shitposter please go
JUST LET ME INTO YOUR MIND AFTON
congratulations now everyone sees your motorcycle as a motorcycle for midlifing losers
Customers never respect stores closing It is always about what they want Most have no clue how that second can totally throw off a closing shift and they really don't care :/
i can't believe they'd do it.
How about a No Lives Matter, for the incurably misanthropic?
Exactly, no reason whatsoever.
So was Metal Gear.
Let me guess, in the modern times of social justice, he's now black, gay and a midget.
The Beat grandfinals and throws
Hard to convey sarcasm over the Internet
A clip of two people yellign at each other is not only a waste of memory, it's a waste of my time, bandwidth, and the attention of anyone coming to this sub to see a reasonable article / source.
Smoke weed
You say that but I could see a very hefty guerrilla warfare campaign that would make invading Alaska very expensive for any other state to try and wage.
cooking is
Hank would have a great time in the Legends of Tomorrow.
I reccomend buying physical games If you plan on sharing them between your kids
imbarusing gramar
"And for our final, most requested Nintendo Switch launch title... *Custer's Revenge HD*!"
No, I am not
Which you'd need to buy a subscription to play multiplayer.
Bulletstorm 2 get hyped.
I recommend uninstalling the old drivers before you install the new ones as well :)
Clinton?
(pls don't kill me)
Does the diamond cap come w/ Tags?
That is a great idea, i might try it soon!
durid bare is for fite kat is for scrats chikken is for lazer tree is for greens
Theocracies are scary as hell.
Dope i should google tbh but I'm hapf studying half redditing and I don't want to go down the wiki path of distraction.
That would be my guess since he funds these types of campaigns in the first place.
They gave us 71 free packs, that's not an opinion, it's a fact
Went to pay respects, girlfriend became zombie.
I keep saying we need to better our inner-city schools.
Yeah, me too...I didn't enjoy it much, although I do enjoy them seperately
If a frog had wings it wouldn't bump his ass when he hops
Oh the irony...
ty papa bless
But what if those statistics get hidden due to process?
I remember reading all of those stories in the news about riot police marching into the Volvo head offices with truncheons and beating the designers until they invented the seatbelt.
can't watch it and get into heaven son, that's stealing :(
**KEK GUIDES US**
talk about my penis
~~I think, therefore~~ I am
Love and support.
dairy
But Flacco is elite...
Because not **all**.
Central Perks - you'll make new friends there
The issue many people have with it is that it targets a lot of other things too - by the phrasing of the law, caffeine, alcohol and nicotine are the only substances that can be used to create any kind of physiological effect, which is just nonsense.
it really does
blocked for being a moron
If you can smell it is releasing stuff
"Attention Safeway shoppers, Fred's EBT card was DECLINED!"
Because you wanna stack as early as possible, to start getting power and mana online.
Are you proud or something?
Obligatory "just buy the god pack" comment.
The Cupertino Combination Headphone and Charger Ports
Sympathy: I have none.
Anyone know what part of the VOD this would be from?
You can't get mad at the racism in the title and then tell someone who is offended by the word "faggot" to fuck off because it doesn't mean what they think it means.
I think he misspelled "Speed"
Yeah, those kids who can't eat peanuts without dying or milk without diarrhea, or the rare kid who can't eat gluten without other problems, they should just stay at home like they deserve.
Will this have any effect on valuation of Rupee against Dollar?
Isn't that like illegal?
You can't expect the Knicks to make the playoffs let alone a top 5 seed.
So goblins retargeting is a hiccup?
If a post is shit, does that make it a shit post?
I mean in the general context, that there was the French bribery scandal going on and French football as a whole had some problems.
Yeah, the movie about succumbing to despair and committing apostasy is Christian propaganda.
Or is this just fantasy
*their
And they're not even pronounced the same way.... well not by lazy Brits anyway.
PLEASE tell him to stop ignoring my responses to his emails.
blew slighty more air through nose than usual, thx
may i ask how you got a bunch of dead tracers?
Dude have you not heard of the Lions legend Armbrisster?
Hanley wants to DH though.
TIL
For those wondering, those are not my pictures :P. However, I did want to pick epic landscapes given the artist name and the epicness of this mix :D
i do wonder what would have happened had this incident not received a lot of public attention..
The best wall-music experience I have ever had was going to see Roger Water's The Wall.
I wish for a 13 inch pianist
Ok
The fact we are arming "rebels" linked to AQ is fucking disgusting.
I don't think you can see that nobody is there from a few hundred metres away
damn bro injuries sux
You forgot Scylla.
Best argument ever against this type of hypocrisy!
Those tennis grunts were quite cringey.
Too bad you didn't fight harder for all the folks who voted for you in 2010.
I don't really know the exact models but have you looked at crown hookah glass bowls?
mind giving a summery of the *studipest plot decisions I've seen a TV show make in recent Memory* (never watched the show, just curious)
You on kazoo
Yes we want more American born Russian hackers and brides.
At my graduation ceremony from IU last December , the guest speeker literally said in her speech "I think Republicans are the worst", and spent her whole time pushing her agenda on us.
My favorite part is the veil at the burial.
Whilst knowing that what they were doing was illegal.
Probably about 120 miles
If someone is going faster than me I move to the right lane to let them pass, and then move back over to the passing lane.
Not sure if you meant to imply you don't have a reddit account, or don't have an amazon account... But I interpreted it as the latter and found it quite funny that you would just lurk on Amazon but never buy anything.
I mean if you guys still don't understand what you did to him then I don't think you'll ever get it.
San Francisco
I tend to agree with you, but the puppeteers can be 'persuasive'.
Your zionist overlords say it is.
Seriously, it's like WWE...
SJWs can't get paying jobs... That's why they want $15 an hour at McDonalds...
lol @ whoever replied to me that this would get 0 reaction earlier
Yes
If she's already agreed to step down, isn't this just piling on?
If there is any unspoken rule, it would probably be: screw everyone else.
Came here to say this.
I blame you for not being in the thread.
Have you ever heard of a Donkey Show?
You being bad at the game has nothing to do with the developers.
Nobody cares.... Trump won.. Go Spam some other sub with this BS.
Thanks dude!
Why would I want to downgrade?
Wtf I thought that McD's wrote that song
Arcade Models: Scott Cawthon, yinyanggio1987 Arcade Screen: GlitchedPie
How about Marcos Rojo?
On your computer.
The sense of humour is basically the same... That's what gets me
There's probably some kind of national archive that you could use.
no, Galio stacks magic resistance but Ryze deals mana damage
They made a new one now
Its on one of the highlights because we threw a TD that play.
they probably are i just always forget to use them.
There's no way you could eat that many, this calls for a contest!
Oh man, oh man I don't know what's going on....
What happened at the show?
Are they actually beating them though?
You can put your weed in there
I removed like 2 links between the 2 for comedic effect, one was the hot page of the sub.
i just unlocked the full tempest traitline and can't believe it isn't unanimously agreed that overloading air is the single greatest spell in the game
The Apprentice
You must deliver on this!
I liked it for the first half
And Christie will be in charge of all McDonald's runs until his prison sentence begins.
Plenty of people win the lottery every year and don't accomplish shit.
Well I have yet to play P5, but P4 made me reconsider how I view both myself and others, so there's that
A Horny Harambe.
One of the older NITs.
i guess its to avoid copyright stuff?
Idiots all around are judging your partriotism based on which movie you picked to watch this friday.Shit is getting crazier.
i dont even know what this is.
"allahu akbar" - god
Freshman year: Chem, Physics, Calc Sophomore year: Boolean logic Junior year: Boolean logic again + a shitload of labs Senior year: Argue about notation
One must be on drugs to catch someone on drugs.
Rekt
I think this guy blows fat clouds.
Language, Cap... such a hypocrite
Sure, where to?
that editing gave me cancer
for the people taking this comment seriously, the Hollywood star was the 7th
Isaiah Thomas over Boogie?
Nicklas Bendtner
"Do you like gladiator movies?"
Thank you for your service.
And we would argue about which kind of barbecue to give you.
Free weekend happened.
Everyone is healthy, all else is superfluous.
Smoke some weed, I guess.
What a great Patrick Kane Review.
Fear shit we dont know about booooo
Yeah, but when your handle is detachable, you lose a lot of the stability of the pot, sure they can try and make it safe as they want, but that's not gonna change the nature of what they're doing
Geoff chuckling like a child is so god damn awesome
More like they hate other people's freedoms when they down align with their beliefs... which is pretty much every "Religious Freedom" legislation.
But I wanted to upgrade to a 4k TV with my $500 tax refund Trump was going to give me to distract me from him shoveling our nation's resources into corporate America's pockets :(
Same
There isn't one.
Username checks out
Stop turning up so much smh
as if the weebs who like yasuo have any money, they've probably spent it all on naruto body pillows and onaholes
I've been a horny virgin teen before and never did I wish to be locked in a cupboard of IKEA with them overnight... so not so much bud
If your daughter is an infant, my wife swears by cluster feeding in the hours before she goes to bed.
Feeeeeeemales!
True but this book is the wrong shape and look at the back, that's obviously one of those author description pages
If you enjoyed the 1st Season, and want to see everything MCU, then yeah.
And of course that responding to Trump's brand of hate with violence is escalation and actually detrimental, unlike with the far worse Nazis.
It's ridiculous, I don't like privatization, but if they were competent I would have taken it.
I think this was the at-bat that solidified my respect/hate for Andrew Miller, that gangly fuck.
Damn, didn't know Samsung made VRMs aswell
But I was just saying it would be interesting to use a book as a pillow since it's made of silk
out event assignments are already posted in the back on the board near personal
Apart from any toxicity or fumes, that stuff is super slippery!
he drives around the world and gets all the glory?
HEY LIMP BIZKIT IS PRETTY GOOD I LIKE THE SONG WHERE THEY SAY "ITS ALL ABOUT THE HE SAID SHE SAID BULLSH!T" BECAUSE I THINK THATS A GOOD COMMENTARY ON MODERN COMMUNICATION ANYWAY WHAT IS YOUR FAVORITE LIMP BIZKIT SONG
Apple mark 1
Just let the tires down on their mobility scooters or smear pie gravy in your pubic hair.
Update your profile and prl.
Goodbye.
No Juno needs a buff... she sucks.
Well the EU commission wants a army within 5 years, so by the time people want to go out they might have a actual EU army keeping them in by force...
Cause he wouldn't share with the kids in the Xfinity Series?
I want to know how overwatch beats csgo in best esports game
I tried it with the snub and didn't get the execution then tried it with a nade and it worked, weird.
This is why mom left
amen discretion motherfuckers, learn some.
Is no one else slightly terrified that Trump can tweet and cause stocks to drop at will?
top quality shitpost
As long as he keep getting top ten recruits every year i don't see him getting let go.
Auto-kick cheaters is the default lobby option and I guarantee the majority of hosts are not going to intentionally disable it.
You should see Yuge's battlecry, its amazing, the best!
r/holdmyturban
Man, that sounds terrifying!
Hey looking here, a moron romanticising traitors!
Is it deer season already?
*Fushigi Yuugi: Genbu Kaiden*
Draw dicks on his face with permanent marker.
Not sure who that is anymore.
:P
Oh definitely: he's too liberal for the ultra-orthodox
We can't have nice things, so you can't either.
Ahhh I get ya
Finland
yeah, like the president is a big deal!
Worked, but it's lagging like hell...
Nah, woox just abused a glitch to make him immortal, bug abusing is bannable
The deplorables are revolting!
Yup!
Pussy
You don't have to use the topic as a soapbox for how much you hate "political correctness."
She accidentally deleted his email
Crushed it.
You can get a dirt rally steam cd key for $15 I bought my copy at $19
Also store chicken tastes like shit
This is why we can fire people.
Casual is great and the rebalances were amazing.
More like a late night mustache ride.
You are free to agree with him
Yeah, where I live brodozers and rolling coal is king so you can buy diesel most everywhere.
r/the_donald is leaking
E
When bourgeois scum
Also, he talks a lot about BLM.
Will do :d
Carrots, lettuce, sugar snap peas, red/green peppers, blackberries/raspberries, cucumbers, water, pen, pineapple, apple, pen.
my kitchen doesn't have an exhaust fan of any kind :[
He's really riding that pussy.
No
At any time I look forwards to getting more people to see the power, **the true power of Medivh** For real, motherfucker's got it all, from utility to damage to making the enemy tear their lungs out.
Instead of a rover for the poles we should send solar powered drones =D
The best advices always come from the best usernames.
I hope this is satire
I haven't lived in Mass since he got the job.
/\
I like when the juice just dribbles down your chin and you gotta scoop it up with your finger and lick it all off.
Or both
Canada has changed and the us changed drastically from Bush to Obama.
I haven't been able to watch a single game on nfl mobile in almost 2 years, it never works for me for some reason.
FC, wireless, SDN, NFV I suppose - but I have a vested interest in all of this so you know, take it with a grain of salt.
McCree
You don't think it's weird that half the management of an IT company knows nothing about IT?
I feel like Trump doesn't even realize why this is wrong....
We have everything to lose by letting those in power keep doing what they're doing.
Never gonna give you up
"X president will ruin the world, buy gold.?"
Are they actually any different then regular hanes?
Can you go negative?
Meh, my upper body blows his away.
I'm going to be annoyed if players next year will be able to get Plague Doctor Izzy at a reduced price if it is in a chest.
there are a lot of opinions you'll see on reddit that you won't hear from that exact same person in real life.
It's scheduled for 3PM PST -- so roughly 2 hours, 38 minutes from now.
Got em fast feet boi
I like kyle
Underrated comment
Them hips don't lie.
and Claudio
Poem for your sprog
Crisis of confidence, I think.
True, fooking white people
This is ridiculous!
Pitta has a great matchup, but Eifert is the clear guy here.
Yes, absolutely.
You are not perfect...
probably lol
Such a shitty meme.
Obligatory Satou
I would leave a fedora on your tombstone.
Wear it with your concealed carry
Thank God someone set him straight!
How are they not material design?
god i wish he was 8 years younger wed be fucking set.
The problem with this is how bad the AI is, you'd still never get a good feel for how the deck might fare in the meta.
That's "Old America " talk... "new amerika" is a workers paradise where streets are paved with gold and every citizen will be millionaire and have beautiful model wife and finest motor car surrounded by huge wall
It's your responsibility to vote for a candidate which will best defend and protect the rights for all citizens, stein, Bernie and johnson will not garnish enough votes for that..... so it's really Clinton vs trump.... Trump would soon be referred to as "dear leader"
From the Yeezus Album, listen to Black Skinhead.
Wat
A WHITE FUCKIN MALE is out to destroy 2 strong, independent women who just want to help America.
He has the shot to make it work
Add some walking to the calorie cutting too!
Is that Silicon Valley the TV show or The Valley, the amateur film made by a young Peter Jackson?
What is Still Processing?
Are those two things mutually exclusive... lol?
Anything is better.
It lists the mileage... I'm so tempted to inquire.
provocateur strat
Turnip Power?
Well, they own Tumblr.
This sub is for open ended questions, not yes or no questions, *even If you say "why or why not"*
She willingly did that to herself.
m'edic.
Sweet, tax cuts coming soon!
Is it bad that I've never gotten a sextuple kill?
How wonderfully, obliviously hypocritical.
So then we can agree that Comey is an upstanding tower of justice and should not be denigrated by the Democrats?
asking twitchchat about legal actions is like asking hitler how to handle the refugee crisis in Europe
He was clearly intimidated by the cars and was merely standing his ground.
You do have to contend with the retard strength once you catch them, though.
HOT SAUCE
&lt;3
Millions$$$$$
That weird screech cry will always make me laugh
I'm sure the person who made it like that did some sort of coding that automates the process using the schedule + logo images.
Does Gaspen in 6-1 count?
The important part is that they all hate capitalism more
Violence.
That's like having an inquiry into murdered and maimed black boys and not looking at the 'hood.
WEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW WIKILEAKS MENTION ON NATIONAL TV
Soon you will get to wear your flair again.
\#SPORTSCLICHE
i was SUPER BUMMED thatW was"elected" in 2000, but i would NEVER, EVER EVERRRRRR disrespect the President - ANY US POTUS in such a way.
At least Dade is in LPL
I would have said "When Code Grass S3 is announced" but s3 has been announced so I can't use that anymore :(
Oh, but didn't you know, being in a relationship means you totally have to just put up with their broke ass being a broke ass all the time?
btw if people want to try this however, you can wear the charged tome of fire (only takes 1 page to charge) and mist battlestaff to get infinite air water and fire runes.
I'm glad you left too!
Why did you not provide any proof or comparison?
Indiana Jones and the crystal skull
Alt universe McCauley Culkin?
Noon for us, but that's because we're an Advanced+ with other events outside of Magic.
dude still probably hasn't recovered
Yea that isn't demeaning to women at all...
Spotted the Canadian
It's just coughing and weird faces.
You look like the love child of Zachary Morris and that trailer park girl he didn't want anyone to find out about
Which one has the trashiest tattoos?
9P starts with 20 and can upgrade to 23 and then 37, 9UT starts with 23 and upgrades to 37, then 45.
Fair and I bet if he would have included a classified piece separately in the email he could get the entire email blocked from public release
Battlefront
CS 1.6, Source and GO Cities skylines Getting steep in a bit.
Or a "Your Welcome"
But I want it to charge Super fast!
Right, but I don't think it makes sense to compare the mars vehicle to the shuttle with the booster attached
Hard drive requirements tend to include extra space for the file unpacking.
Definitely going in my Brago deck to hunt up swords - blink - sword - blink - sword - blink - sword :-D :-D :-D by your powers combined....he is captain voltron!
Then don't downgrade if you want to play with everyone else?
Wife got a Forester over a Tiguan a few months ago.
sure you can remove the hdd and get a bigger ssd.
only good thing about consoles is their controllers i really like playing with a xbox controller on pc but thats partly because my desk is shit so when i play with keyboard/mouse i sit so close to the monitor it makes my eyes hurt after a while lol.
It's like people forget he's been in the league 13 years
"But this is just caused by muh goburnment intervention, dirty corporatists"
All SERE School grads?
yea cause Kobbe was so much better
what's the secret?
You just said it was due to anxiety?
You're right we should never build anything ever because it might fail at some point and cause problems.
But her niece isn't running yet
Is your dad a cat?
Kek
I'll never hear the end of being called cute, will I?
And then looked at... WHATEVER YOU CALL THAT!
loads of chinese syndras go it for the extra dmg on ionia
Other than his stance on border security and extreme vetting on people immigrating from countries where ISIS currently reside and operate from, what makes Trump a racist monster?
The seasons before they did this were absolute worst seasons they ever made
115 from black ops 1 zombies
also because*
Out of curiosity what does it do?
You were being misled in high school.
Where do you live lmao
Were those who boycotted South Africa and only South Africa, where they considered racist?
I might have dropped this:
Possibly, however, the internet is definitely opening our eyes to sexuality at a much younger age.
fuck this is a good deal
Threads from PCMasterRace are kinda cheating.
Twitter yesterday.
In 2012 I was shitting my pants at this point as the polls were really tight.
This is how I am going to explain it next time someone asks me why they need pilots.
"Said"
Something relevant to what I know of him and his personal interests, and not something recommended by strangers on the internet who don't know us.
More whistle!
I read it on facebook it must be true!
He's gonna build a wall and make the dogs pay for it
lots of comments below that this isn't cringeworthy, but for me the bad acting *was* the cringe.
This is intended, iframes provide no protection from sudden death fog.
So Obama used a false chemical weapons report to start a proxy war with Russia?
Chron pretty much scrapes Reddit like Buzzfeed and all those clickbait sites do.
Play with my boobs
**WITNESSED**
The answer to your second question is 100% - (the answer to your first question).
I feel like the gay only one would have the best cakes, so this would backfire on the rest of us.
He got too distracted by that hot piece of ass
Not trying to be a dick, you can shit-talk all you want, just on first timers and novices usually being positive is a better approach, or at-least being neutral, novii in my experience are soft af.
Putin just needs to donate to the Clinton Foundation
Grew up in the center...can confirm it is like Alabama.
So viral in fact that bullshit is coming out of both ends.
Keep alienating 65% of the electorate, worked so well in 2016
I upvoted it 3 times cause its posted 3 times
I'm not following your explanation re: the law in those situations.
Pretty sure a lot of people are annoyed by TSM fans too :c
Didn't end too well for him.
I'm just going to subsist on G Fuel all weekend.
I'm sensing some bitterness for being a fan of a team that's been a basement-dweller for the past 2 decades
Maybe it was shared on Robber number 2's channel?
I wish I knew I liked biology better so I would have done that instead, hahaa.
Why did you delete it?
I feel like these have been lacking the last few weeks, esp the jets one, but I'm loving this one
Well when calexit happens you will be welcomed as a refugee as someone who yearns to shoot a (real) AR-15 freely.
Gotta support the reasonably priced local brews that don't taste like piss
They were BFF not literal brothers.
If gamboa works out I doubt he'll be back.
Sure why not, just know that the pay day isn't going to be that big
For the west lul
Vat da faack?
Never underestimate the enemy - no matter how stupid they are
It's probably the least "cheap" production literally EVER in a TV show.
solo ult, what a scrub
Well that's a good thing I guess!
They've got nothing on Turk and JD from Scrubs.
Did she blame "lying" Hillary Clinton and then deny saying it later?
Vayne
They would also have to accept as valid blocks they don't even know how to parse, if enough miners accept them.
Stood up on a stage in a club in Shanghai and was dancing with a friend until the place closed and it was just a bunch of old Chinese people staring at us who eventually kicked us out.
So this is literally that episode of South Park where Cartman gets put through the tunnel?
something you afraid might leak about you Marco?
seriously...seems like it would be done pretty quickly by the family of one of his victims.
Depends on how many people I piss off online any given day.
Cough cough cough
How would Trump make money from drilling 8n the arctic?
Well it's damn good when I use it
Kirito is Cute I'm Not joking
Yeah bring back the dank cheese full crit Vamana with goldenbow strats
On average, how often do you meme?
Programming level 99
Must be so hard to have a losing season
Malwarebytes didn't find anything either and my popup blocker is enabled
I honestly wouldnt mind if DE decided to take a look at all weapons that were "X weapon but worse in every way" and give them some unique mechanic so that we dont just have like 20-30 useless weapons compared to the others.
We have the best celebrities
Because name something less important to bitch over.
Troll twitter account
oh, *growth* hormones.
That's exactly what I meant.
Thanks for the support man :)
I still think the recipes for factories take way too much of quite rare materials
Are you actually defending Hitler?
I saw a flat earth map and laughed my ass off because if you were to go west from california you'd hit the ice wall rather than asia
it put me in debt
None
r/titlegore
*The paranoid survive*
Try laning against Caitlyn/MF/Jhin/Jinx.
Yeah sorry about that.
Two words - John fucking Moss.
Thanks, took me a while
Clean hit.
Tf does that have to do with popping dolphins and bagels
After blast, after cruise
how expensive?
this was submitted one day ago, you couldn't have found it, unless you stalk my posts.
Yeah.. but you're not a 16 year old girl?
They also have to worry about some higher up breaking their balls about unduly allowing a plane to be destroyed without trying to save it
300% ld
How early game, before Abyss Watchers, before Vordt?
A lil HEL-O
The Oxford comma is against my work style guidelines, so naturally I slip it in surreptitiously everywhere that I can.
I think you have to use a grapefruit
"So... I'll just put you down as not-quite-as-white-as-I-accept".
Don't leave me hanging man
rubbish and off the point
Yes, Switzerland's black ops are pulling off special operations all around the world protect its citizens high standard of living.
Why thank you, based non-subbed, individual.
Hillary Clinton is a saint
Fuck anyone from NJ
"Od-de dogg ass" By Polo Woof Lauren
By Trump-Logic, as displayed many times, that number is actually 8 million votes.
You've just been nominated for Trump's AG
point is that is pretty crazy to omit them even now
And she got into Harvard.... wtf?
Sliding Baez down seems like a good move.
Google might be a great place to try typing in that question for an answer faster .
those biscuits are hers, touch them and she might stab you
Not that I've noticed - do you have the volume cracked to full blast?
Gotta save our children from the dangers of text on a screen in a rhythm game
Henry
It affects their life in the same way someone of another race, color or religion would when ordering a cake from them.
ED is incredibly grindy, in my experience :-/
Well........ that didn't take long.... I haven't seen millions clock over that fast since the good old days of 2013 when LTI-on-everything was ending on all OB/VB purchases.
He's not saying it's NV's fault, just that they had an easy three matches to qualify compared to some other teams.
SEC wins count twice to the committee
They know they want to, just need some pushing I guess
If there was a court order for the wiretap then its admissible but if not then yes its the fruit of a poisoned tree.
We'll see soon enough.
I really really wish the "dodged a bullet there" comment worked in this case.
Article says he left the company...but yeah, more to this story.
I'm going to have to remove this for rule #1.
I am sure shipping and handling will be over 50
Why is this a female only thing?
The daily crystals you get more than payout a sim tix shipment.
Honestly, its all going to be fine.
Not for bespoke.
It gets around hexproof if you control one as well.
uhhhh NBCSN, that was definitely not our first successful coach's challenge
Maybe Fox *really* doesn't like coaching in the city of Chicago?
Big muscles
Are we neighbors?
Obama's face is the best thing about this picture
Let me guess, a 2016 ST that was purchased after July?
Fresh Squeezed IPA = delicious
Drink
Sam Wang?
I mean they did vote for the party that preaches "personal responsibility."
*SCREAMS IN AGONY*
Ah yes because so many of us remember the 60s
Sturt?
Their *existence* is worth it, but they still need heavy reforms.
It was never approved because it wasn't material designed
Why are they promoting the ad-ridden, non material, shill weather channel instead of weather timeline
Harambe is a meme, and he is dead.
Back in the 80's and very early 90's that wasn't bad.
"Something like that'
Currently in stat and holy shit this just helped enormously in getting the concept of P tests down
Well that, tagged with the Democrats condemnation of racism, especially at the federal level.
he is trying to tell you that he can't afford it so white people should give them up to the deprived black college students.
There is no legal standpoint, the school administration can with few limits bar whoever they want from the property.
It's possible to get below -99?
it was.
Ahh, the glorious american cuisine.
I heard that there was a firmware update that got rid of that issue.
Good Rexy.
Kira didn't get outclassed till Nyami came out :/ Medal rush.
Yeah, I just got a loan from them for this school year as a full time student.
I've noticed my level 10+ construction pawns struggle to build even good items in A16, never mind superior or above.
We can't read anything on your blurry photo
Because people drive here.
Only about 60% of states have this law though
*Better run better run, outrun my gun..*
Be honest with yourself get control of your emotions plan in concrete and keep your intention clear
The best part is that this is what they were demanding, roflmao!
They're pretty solid, I don't see them gaining much popularity in general though.
ISIS == Radical Islam... just my assumption, but maybe she's been fighting radical Islam for that long?
Im more curious of how the coffee is burnt
The confusion of a Trump presidency will probably be worse.
That is helpful to know, since sometimes people have strong preferences for one or the other but won't explain why or actually do a side-by-side test.
Improved - Wennberg, asserting himself this year and his play has improved the guys on the ice with him Regressed - Murray - projected 1D that has become an after thought bc of the improvement of the rest of the D. Misplays a lot of pucks, scrambles a lot and is invisible when he's not doing that.
Looks like 2 Americans to me.
If i run it again, itll replace it with a new cert and invalidate the old one
The videos, photos, testimony, and written records, of the Holocaust and Japan's units in China.
Matthews got 4 goals and his team got a point, that equals 5
such an insufferable twat.
Oh shit IRL Piggy Man
Good.
wat
It wasn't an attack on the media it was a revenge killing that happened to take place at a news related field.
Just go to the r/theocho for your sports needs
r/catsstandingup
Sandstorm
It's in South Korea though
Wait, yesterday she said she felt great.
i guess this is my life now...
It's a drop in the bucket in terms of spending and is a solid investment for infrastructure in the long term.
Or be like most Kallari players and do nothing but wait around till someone is low health and take all the credit for the kill.
I play on stable 14 ping tho most of my friends are below 10 (i have the worst internet) so it's a really big difference for us
Hopefully I will never reach that level.
I'll admit it's an irrational fear.
"How'd you like to *deflate these balls*"
Protecting Drouin after a nasty looking hit.
No Country for Old Men
Try washing the shirts inside out, that's what I do.
Already broken... just recently read about couple found similar fashion been dead est 5000-6000 years.
'this too, shall pass'
Well hopefully Lemieux and tkachuk go at it for years to come.
For some reason my brain was seeing "QR Code" Rick Astley
Rossi is also damn quick in rally, he isn't just a motogp racer and has more promise than Werhlien in my opinion.
How am I supposed to fap then?
It just never stops being funny guys.
I'm saying that just because Trump says those things, it doesn't mean that his voters share the sentiment.
You won't be able to log in using your information before the launch happens.
He also didn't mention that the 430 has STB levels of trash gun handling so chai sniping is hard
He can draw it up so all you have to do is date it and mail it
Ohhhhh Yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeessssssss
I wonder if the new dispatch layer is capable of handling the legacy nvidia binaries?
Whether he won because of his racism or in spite of it, neither is very comforting.But if this was really just a rebuke of the status quo, then why did most establishment Republicans keep their seats?
fucking thank you
cocaine
Would you say he's better than Chipper or Prime Longoria?
bike theft is rampant everywhere because its easy to steal them.. most people that see someone stealing one just assumes it is theirs and they forgot the combo to the lock or key or something, as well as cops are dicks and often don't take bike theft seriously.
...that probably can be revealed by paternity testing.
To be fair those "about me" papers are a lot harder to write than a lot of other things.
Try now.
Because society tells them to our they're not cool.
Is that Android Studio?
Think the arc is considered to be infinite vertices.
I mean words are constructs, but I wouldn't call them spooks in that they exist for a real purpose that is practical.
There's been counties where it does come down to one vote, especially in close swing states.
Man, if only the DNC had this advice.
"Just" a two hour documentary about Boron?
DUTCHY SCORES AT HOME!
Was going to link my roster but for some reason, possibly the shitty work broswer i have to use, i can't add characters to it lol
the addition of Axomamma the goddess of potatoes thats all i want
Ama is weak early but is a teamfight monster shlong is good early with his basic attack damage and have some utility latevgame with his ult
It's a survey of people who've already voted.
Damn Karma whores
I havea birthmark that looks like Boba Fett's spaceship.
Best case scenario, you lose your job and the only people that believe you are 'conspiracy theorists' anyway.
Teams should just perpetually keep us on the power play that way they shut us out every time!
She should just get out of the way so the spoiled, corrupt, tax-dodging, draft-dodging, groping, lying, alleged child rapist can be president.
Yea
Not interested, sorry
Well Nairo's Lucina has been getting some pretty big wins recently, too.
Damn you're on the same level as my mage, he's got sephuz and the blink shield chest...
DON'T YOU WANT ME PEPE
Luca Sbisa.
Scared to come out maybe?
This doesn't necessarily mean those actors got the information in time, just that one call was made out to an organization somewhere a month prior.
I for one welcome our Hate Toad overlords!
r/thathappened
Must be a freshman.
great offer!
Some brands this is actually how they tell you to prepare it, like pancit Canton.
El Rotoplas
The character Indiana Jones WAS loosely based on a real explorer, but his adventures were a tad exaggerated.
Oh look, here's messenger lite so you can stop complaining
Snuck up.... on Princess's star pupil... She just walked up behind her with a big axe and bashed her brains in.
I find it extremely hard to believe Republicans will end up backing marijuana before the Democrats.
"a matter of great principle"... This will not fare well for Mike Baird.
Yes but the companies I listed are Singaporean and it's not like we have any other half decent E-Sports teams.
Would ya look at that spiky boy
THE TURKEY WAS HIGH, AND I WAS HIGH, TOO
Clipping your nails, keeping your hair under control and wearing clean clothes is not excessive...
Spoilers, but from what I understood (from the explanations I looked up after watching it, lol), the entire movie was pretty much a fantasy of the main character because in real life she was envious that she wasn't chosen to be the famous actress, and so the entire movie up until the box is her "fantasy" in which everything goes her way and she is the star, as well as a coping mechanism that explains why she didn't get the part (like having to go help her friend right before her audition.)
It's clearly a joke
un anglofob!
2in1
NFL already came out and said this incident will not affect his playing status.
There not going to say anything about skins in patch notes but I imagine its going to be added
The experts have have been wrong about everything though.
So people hope when Twitter actually makes money, they get a return?
Glenn
We have the hit TV show Empire.
Fake news joke
But it's her turn, plus it's a woman President!
Actually thought that's what the post was asking :/
And they're always thankful even though I probably gave them worthless shit
The tables have turned..., stop trying to one up everyone
well that was what i was going for so mission accomplished
No way...I just got first place in the Fast Egg Shaped Piece of Animal Skin Filled With Air Carrying Competition at nationals
I know but i've seen multiple times they revert bans on hijacked accounts, when i was banned i frst wanted my account back but i realised that wasnt happening, so maybe i was hacked, but how can i know if they don't reply to me :/ i had max security as well so i don't even bother with that anymore as well lol
Bruh if I knew
Or while he's shitting into a bed pan
Obligatory: Who?
Hey mang, not my grandmaw, saw the picture on Twitter and thought I would post it here.
Woah, man!
He probably just didn't want to read them because it's illegal to read them and only the news media can see them, duh.
Why do you think Zezima is a girl?
**HATE**
One arm underneath you.
well in that case, warhammer with all the DLC, and i mean ALL.
This is how the world ends, not with a bang, but with a Pepe.
I'm too high for this shit
We all know Hanzo is super original and clearly the first Japanese bow character ever
Guys, it's a troll account.
I miss my yellow loopers gl :( to whoever buy these babies
Well fuck...
If only this could have been prevented :(
Inb4 'dont' and 'never' are TOP comments.
Dent them until they get narrow and make the net bigger
There's actually no point in this, as they're in the same universe and contain shoutouts to previous SciADV games (Chaos;Head shoutouts in Steins;Gate, and shoutouts to Steins;Gate (along with Nae being an actual character) in Robotics;Notes)
Nice way to show how out of touch you really are, saying problems with the car are mistakes.
Ahh the offseason.. where people try to make the next meme.
Any rng based hero ;(
No
Aren't we all?
How'd they catch you?
Well, let's hope so.
Well, that was depressing.
A joke?
Judging by the (mostly small) polls on the subreddit, it's the haters who are the minority, but it's pretty close.
According to the official Chelsea website there is.
I bought mine at full price and I still think it was worth it, if you're getting this at a discount I think you're getting a good bargain.
Aww.
So most of the great powers from the 19th-20th century...?
If we are looking at it from an Eastern Europer POV, yes you are fucking rich.
Stack them and they take up ~3sqft...That's not a lot of space.
They only spawn units like crazy if their scout discover your city and manage to get back to a camp.
I only have 2 hands, so I put a small tape strip on my screen
Everyone dies near the beginning?
Gee I wonder
Nope haha i was the one taking those uninspiringly crappy pictures
I went to google images and holy shit!
Looks like he just saw the three Christmas Spirits
Fuck YOU
*
Refuse to accept a million dollars.
Hey Fukuoka, Fuk U Oka^y
Or reheat it in the oven.
Didn't need to be a 60 minutes stand alone episode
Said the under 2k post karma guy *expert*
It could blow up my pc fam to important
Helldivers
Bingo.
It is, just separatists being dumb-shits as always.
Sure, but she has the intent to send them in the first place.
Have you no shame?
You deserve and execution!
What's the point then?
This comment makes me so hungry
No, we're all rendered on an N64.
Hey, I remembered something!
OP, with regards to your username, I must see some proof in order to believe you.
Depends on where you are at.
Moire sesh
I agree it makes the most persistent coffee rings on anything it touches.
Have fun cleaning the eggs and toilet paper off your walls
gold for you
Who buys black play-doh?
They're slowing down but every now and then they buy another % or 2 of the shares... At this rate pretty soon they'll have to make a public offering because of french law.
Now Google follows you wherever you go...
Minoru Suzuki
That's just the Wi-Fi making you say those things
Jimmie looks like the current favorite IMO
Randia ka favourite (ya second favourite) politician hai aakhir kaar.
This subreddit is silly.
Papa bless
Fournette is injured and his coach told him to sit and prepare for the draft instead of playing and potentially aggrevating a leg injury, but yeah.
Exactly what I thought.
w00p w00p
I cursed you
New best strat discovered
So he is just polarizing everything?
How about just teach Nate to check kicks?
And about 100 times more expensive
Yay.
NO NO NO we are supposed to spout toxic, hateful bs.
Is Nvidia falling to AMD level bad drivers or something?
Because of potential belt contamination if I missclicked.
These are the Daves of our lives
I cannot afford BF1 because of that plaid-covered monster.
hmm.....dumpster donalds entire campaign was a play book on white identity politics
that's not a very nice thing to say about Susan Sarandon
It's not like it's set in stone that it's going to fail... the previous poll proved that having ~70% sub 10k votes isn't a death sentence.
dont forget post rock
Use Strava
Pants, feels, what's the difference?
You work for the Legion?
The Switch actually looks pretty cool
Young Santa Claus?
Western Europe is, it's the East that could be destabilized.
Yeah dude, just approach random people from your college like an idiot, after all that's how relationships are formed.
I knew I'd get a kick out of posting this here
Thank you!
where?
Venting all the way *vent vent vent*
PSN is Csmal1992
You do realize only Genuine sets are for sale, and the price for normal ones would prolly drop to say 2 dollars or lesser i guess.
There is such a thing as being a shitty manager, you know.
I've had luck just using spray cans of clear coat.
This would likely be more effective than goggles, as it would also prevent particulate matter from flying at the face in the first place.
"You have small cock"
What a true feat of ~~German~~ human engineering
Happy littles trees.
This guy gets it.
Whenever he claims to not know someone, just assume he does.
probably because his brother is a big deal!
And it's printed as such that it works the way it does
But it's known that this is not the case since its never been in previous CoDs.
His popularity rating has somehow gone up to, a lot of people seem to just not care.
Sh...should we tell him?
It was on a ballot and the people in Austin spoke.
You look like the offspring that would come out if the two main characters from "Up" were related by blood.
protest just got 10 days longer
How is he streaming non gaming content so often yet is still around?
Umm, he can't donate more than $2700 to her
Re-signed.
Fight or fuck?
-x-3 = -14(x/14+3/14)+0 GCD(x^(4)-x^(3)-x^(2)-1,x^(3)-1) = -14 or, equivalently, 1.
jokes on you im upvoting you
For those too lazy to read it dont, its too long and this guy doesnt understand what lazy is
*fetuses
Magnetic Bullets... you can clearly see them go back up into the gun ;)
Shhhhhhhhhhhit
I quit at the farm
I'm picturing the SNL skit now.
I met Kane when he was wrestling at our towns fair as Diesel, we were getting his autograph and one of the guys in line asked for him to sign it Isaac Yankem to which he got an "f off"
Black Friday of next year probably
You keep saying exorte, I let it slide first time but now you are really grinding my gears.
I know, it fits lore, they could just pick better bodyparts I think.. I hope they at least re-make him into full tank with better options.
Yea VPN works.
Aw man I miss hearing grandpa-isms like that!
The joke just soared over your head
Nice bat-and-switch...
Fuck man I can't figure out how to get those sweet fumes :(
That's how he's bringing jobs back to America!
just in time for trump to take it all away!
you know, if I were a pro, I'd practice 16 hours a day for 5 years straight, especially after single handedly throwing the world championship away after being carried to the group stage.
"The Gang Blows a Tire"
Sadly I would've had the same trial as Mina and just hand over the stone, cuz I'm a filthy hippie.
And they have epic lightsaber duels with dinosaurs.
Price :)
It is 100% shitty fantasy booking
What he said
But Snowbowl is opening in 9 days!
PSA: Use ublock origin.
GOOD memory, just like my grandson.
Even Brad Guzan and Ozzy Osbourne?
True, but that also costs a couple of cards
Tiny hands can't hit the keys on his phone
Is the Fallout sub literally just a FNV dick sucking sub now?
Isn't it Cyka bylat?
Same issue here... my ISP is AT&amp;T. UPVOTED FOR VISIBILITY.
Go ahead, stating a fact isn't against the rules.
Thanks!
What year did you move out of Poway?
Oh my god I love doing this.
Hot
I think that works better on Grant Morrison
The key is to not go down Harrow if you know how horrible it is.
well, id like to see more unturned fan-art, specially npc-related.
Ba dum tss
I dont get it
Vince misses tf out of this guy
At the rate of Hillary emails, "future president" doesnt even need to be prefaced anymore...
Yes but that has nothing to do with the fact BLM is a terrorist organization.
I'm with you
'memba thatfuckinguyoverthere?
I just pack all the water on the back of my camel.
Yes they can, all they'd have to do is kill someone to save someone else's life like Jealous did.
If anything, this thread is proof that it's no longer the 1980s and the Democrats no longer champion the homeless.
And they were the same person
Napalm, first thing in the morning.
Company went public 36 hours later.
You're probably not druid master race.
28 people to learn that places like Canada don't just let anyone in
Pretty sure it's been posted
Looks like the A380.
Lol someone can't aim with a crossy
I reckon lambda man likes alpha, beta, and delta men.
She shoulda had lemonade on her crotch
ctf is fucking awful
I hope this is sarcasm, otherwise you'll probably look just like the idiot you are.
My boss spawns every monday at 9 am.
Have you bound your pistol on mouse wheel?
Imagine showing that to someone a little over a year ago.
I wish Schumer and Reid had not endorsed Keith Ellison, it has me given me pause and rethink Ellison as chair.
yeah, god forbid jesse look out for his fans by removing an abusive asshole who was disturbing the experience for the rest of the crowd.
Beer city USA
But... but... from out of the sewers comes... Elo.
He has eaten a lifetime's worth of crackers just recently.
He likes the way he dribbles
May mays
Getting your physically-handicapped friend/relative a hooker.
I agree in that I have also had a consistently more pleasurable experience with Prime.
That's not a reason.
TIL
Nuclear weapons are cool tho.
Congrats on the prospective engagement!
Literally go to wikileaks and just fucking search it.
I want the mods to give him flair that says "Whiny Little Bitch" thinking of starting a campaign.
Asiata was pretty shit last game thought, I would think he would take a back seat at least for this upcoming week.
Have you read some of the responses on this post, its pretty obvious that there are dumb supporters on both sides that would do anything.
Watching trump get triggered anytime someone opposes him will be something
I can still see it if I check purchased
Yeah I think that's how it works too.
the step supposedly is finding an egg which hatches into a gateworm, this allows you to hear the sonar noise
Isnt it in Islamistan?
then a few roster changes helped him immensely.
I can't believe after ~30 comments I have yet to see The Walking Dead... or was that too obvious of an answer?
Haha yes but at least we can play him now!
Just like the RNC burned down their own headquarters in Charlotte.
Cringelord... ooh, you got him!
LUXURY
French
Sounds like fun.
Did this need a video?
Oh sorry I'll have to look out for her
Agartha
Since when did canon matter in fan creations?
I guess they don't want to argue about what to watch on Netflix?
*Or*, people could use their *eyes* to guide them when walking.
Well this is a better solution than having individual cities pass bullshit "no tobacco on ballfields" laws.
NASA wastes taxpayer dollars on throwing lavish parties for billionaires... news at 11!
Because anecdotes mean anything and being gay/trans is evil
No it isn't, what are you talking about?
There is nothing more worthless than being the Heisman winner after week 1.
I'd probably consider Sekera-Russell to be our #1 pairing right now
Yes you can.
It only matters in the sense that it means Trump wasn't just bringing up something irrelevant in an attempt to smear someone who he doesn't like, he was also spewing false information.
surprisingly they do
Oh thank goodness
He's been good this year wheat are you on?
It kills me to know I'll never be with a woman even remotely close to as good looking as Leanne.
Reminds me of false symmetry's hermicraft season 3 base, nice job!
You calm down
The Heathens deserved it
We'll find out in less than 24 hours, let's pick up the conversation then and not start wild speculation now
Right, because no woman being filmed kissing a woman has ever liked kissing a woman
How is it fake?
It'd be better if I could understand more than half of it
Simple question, where are Trumps tax returns?
Fair enough on the criticism and I agree with your sentiment towards body autonomy but the government already does limit autonomy.
Are those iron filings?
I would've thought this was going to be about how you got yelled at/fired by your boss... Not some SJW getting #triggered... I can't believe you would be so insensitive to his distress, smh.
Thor just used a bolt of lightening, and Wolverines blades aren't "infinitely sharp"
Ah, not sure then.
Because different situations call for different methods when one wants to shoot shit in a basement.
She's no Liberace, that's for sure
You already have the capacity to sue foreign governments (and vice versa), but this caveat expands it to the ability to sue for war crimes essentially.
Don't forget about the c-stick for those f-air strings
And Leeds, don't forget about us :(
Good charge.
Swerved.
When I was a teenager I got it $10/tab but now I must be getting it from a seventh or eighth middleman.
Good luck my friend
Someone is getting fired
Eeyyyyyy
...and fill it with nuclear waste
And this is why you lost.
She enjoyed it!
The false song of nationalism, alternatively :(
Cuz Marcus Smart is trash
Man, those same few people that own guns just keep buying more.
I'm about to cry fam
ROTS did this somewhat effectively.
which has hardly anything to do with the players' mechanical skill
We need to get this trending on twitter
What city would that be?
he is the president... he already stopped Bobama from doing some ridiculous stuff.... but I'm sure he will do his fair share of ridiculous stuff too.
I'm sure she doesn't have any influence
But separating and demonizing people different then you has had such positive benefits in the past.
Maybe the cop car parked in the fire lane to make sure no one else would, with the understanding that it would be pushed out of the way
And that is why people wish Rockstar didn't ban for multiplayer modding.
Yeah, how dare she stick up for herself.
Of course we love lazy customers without them we would have nothing to do
Thorlos socks and Inov-8s - I save by being in the Army and get paid to workout.
At least it wasn't abortion
Enjoy the cheery music at home, but note that once you step out the door, you're back in the crap-hole known as reality.
Oh, well in that case... Make fun of him all you want!
Man, the good news just keeps coming....
That meme is over now, forced memes die pretty quick.
alright, TIL
Biggest mistake of Reagan's career; he assumed they were Republicans.
Your onboard will be fine.
Most likely you will wake up tomorrow and it will say "Season 4 starts in 11 seconds, buckle up buckaroo" and this will ruin your day.
sounds like the DNC
**W** **o** **w**
I mean , it also had a bad trailer and tons of other controversies before it even came to cinemas.
Yep, its a good game (i love Nightcore beatmaps)
Lotus Turbo Challenge 2?
That's not a verse
Wish he would have chopped a piece of wood at the end
Missed that, sorry, even checked twice.
200 marks is the max Once a day per character
Umm, is very clearly called Vvitch
I'll take one matthews please
In that tone of voice especially.
I'm with Demetri Martin on this one - no stone throwing regardless of housing situation.
Except flossing does nothing as new reports show
Omg, stop manspreading you misogynist!
Oh please, they are a complete nothingburrito!
If that were possible I'd totally be onboard but it will never happen and I think we need to have the same rule across both leagues.
I am jealous af right now
"Are you a white person with dreadlocks" What the living fuck Who gives a flying fuck if a person has dreadlocks (I suppose there are specific contexts where it matters; but in general, it's a hairstyle)
His were released already.
Yep.
There are probably just as many people who use balancers religiously regardless of necessity.
Was
Half of the MOVs have IS, so I'd be happy if they gave him that one
It's a metaphorical *physical* wall
JFK right when he was getting shot.
Factually incorrect, even before we add in election fraud, election law breaking and disenfranchisement.
They introduced *The Way* in southern Turkey and northern Iraq, but found that Kurds and The Way just didn't fit local tastes.
What non-scripted interaction has Clinton had with the press that hasn't been awkward?
Can only hope for innovative engine failures
Thanks for the nightmares about shitty corrupt governments, Canada!
What?
I'd love to see what data you're basing that off of.
How many kids do you have?
I'm sure that's eating them alive.
Watch the Trump family fight nepotism.
He is at least 5'7.
Ant *gesture at Sauron's great armada drawn from all of Middle Earth* boot *the Host of the Valar appearing to end Sauron's reign and toss him out into the void with Morgoth*
bomb king should have to reload after every 2 bombs because OP
"Well I'll be darned, that IS me!"
this is a month old post w h y
*Marioto
Too bad Ballack can't vote for Obama.
As much as I like better movement, I just can't get used to the tighter turn radius on the frost-ee5.
#/#LiterallyHitler
*Hitler bestreed den Angelsaksen tenminste*
Poster on the wall says 'Being Will Ferrell'
Lmao
I thought he was Tech N9ne #1 fan for a second.
Don't make silly assumptions just because I'm not acting like the other Chicken Littles in this sub.
No, he hasn't been playing that well, not by a long shot.
I've contemplated voting for him in a protest vote against corruption of the democratic party, but I'm not sure I can bring myself to yet.
Make it a sob story if its true
You'll find out if you're your moms favorite.
Yeah I'm looking ~$250/mnth for a 2005 VFR800, and I can't even get insurance for a CBR1000RR (I tried).
Yeah, we wouldn't want someone for president who utters a weird enthusiastic yell for example.
Your church has a dj?
Maybe, probably not.
Cool story bro!
Neat!
So what would you use her core for?
Well, the USAF was originally a part of the US Army...
Daniel
No, that's Dwight
Don't y'all have a shot at the B1G CCG game?
Rocket League says otherwise!
If you're going to start something, you should finish it.
this engi called him a noob, what he did next is amazing.
Oh, this again...
You'd be surprised.
I wish you luck many have tried but none have succeeded.
If he did it himself that wouldn't make it any less shit
The connector between the Gear VR and phone can be swapped out, and the data connection via USB-C has been confirmed by independent users and sources to work.
Whether or not this is a legitimate strategy employed by Trump, there *needs* to be a high voter turnout against him if America wants any hope of beginning to undo the damage to social progress he's inflicted upon this nation.
A simple man you are
Wow, your good at that
oddly accurate yea.
At this point, what difference does it make?
I'd replace "proved" with "confirmed" here.
Is the player-base that non-existent?
Paste on top left looks like bird shit.
You have to reset/leave
He seen Gates' name and seen something negative about himself and started ranting.
I think it goes on sale on the official store tomorrow
FUCK THE uhh... Damn
Someone in London.
Then you could exclude the last few minutes of this quarter where we had the lead and you put in starters/2nd stringers against our 3rd string
nice plot twists.
"Shinra Tensei!"
The difference is, this requires more physical resources regardless of how much it's revolutionised.
The gas station 50 feet from campus serves beer, there's 3 liquor stores right next to my apartment
Exactly.
This is so stale that you could crack out in half.
His resiliency is amazing he may be in the Broncos division, but I'll always root for Jamaal Charles.
chime horn master race
It looks like you're making yer own point there matey, do ya want the floor for yourself to make a big rant about how the the alphabet IRA's have, since 1998, killed as many people as NATO forces did in Iraq?
I have a friend from chicago that was at last night's game, I assume given the cubs history people would be more inclined to travel from chicago
Yeah
my name is Karen
Yes, your pussy is Pantera
Coolio!
I hope they get government jobs, hopefully in the health care sector.
i could see it in diamond rank and below.
Time to not play smite thursday-sunday
The Aristocrats!
He probably golfed like the 2nd late NK dictator
And somehow, no one has detained anyone who has threatened Clinton.
He literally said "The unkown" in reference to DONALD TRUMP.
Pretty sure Malcolm already gave you the solution - just up and move to the most expensive suburbs in Brisbane if you want fibre.
i mean i played him in college and i thought he sucked there too.
That really isn't that tricky in my book at all.
Did not think about that, I will probably turn it on when I've learned the characters and the game better.
IIRC I don't believe that was addressed.
Play Tyreek, I don't think you win either way tho
Yea lets bring back the good ol tank meta.
The Community of Christ (former RLDS) has the Book of Commandments, which was the original first edition of the D&amp;C. I think that a copy is posted on the Joseph Smith Papers website.
Well trump is an authoritarian, egomaniac, and compulsive liar, and I think that majority of voters saw that to at least some extent, but many of them could not rationalize voting for Clinton.
Hey now, let's keep in mind what's important - Did she intend to do it?
Toss the lid into the washer
Limbo!
Love it!
4
Well if you haven't committed a crime since that last one... *and that was like 10+ years ago*... what's the point of locking you up now?
But how the hell would Eddie know that..?
The Clinton Foundation
They're also arrogant
Trump will appoint Wilson head of the NSA, only to be disappointed that 'Wilson' is not the volleyball from the Tom Hanks film 'Cast Away.'
Or less.
Everyone's known it's been a bad thing for decades.
Who will be your Cersei?
Welcome to America
Maybe Valentines will give more buddy pokemon candies, or if there is a gen 2 mechanic for evolving pokemon based on relationship to trainer
I've never even played CoD 4 and I can't tell you Ghosts isn't better
OP this article is literally from a year ago.
Also a bigger terminal velocity
Payback for Wade shooting the lights out last week
Oh okay, sweet
Yeah someone just told me.
Yes.
Should I ask what snuff is?
We can definitely come together over this corruption, and share an America that brings people together, and doesn't divide them like these sleezy dems do.
I mean I can throw down a lith relic and get more than that faster and with less effort
it's not 100% taxable, but they will check if it is taxable or not, that's why it's a no that they won't deliver to your house :D
Do you live in Alberta?
meh
How is this not flagged as hate speach?
it was a 1v5 but he only got 4 kills
Dman we really have a different opinion it's almost scary
Hopefully the rogue fbi agents save us from a rigged election
I've heard estimates of 15k here at ASU
Quite odd that Peanut started streaming on twitch recently...
First picture was pretty lit fam
Check mo po yung sched ng Mocha girls
I wasn't there, but I've heard some people say that it used to be better.
r/iamverybadass
Where?
~~Casual scan for cameras, take a drag.~~ He saw the camera.
Hell, I need to watch multiple times to get all the character's names straight
Because you can compare how easy it is to eat an apple compared to a pear
Battlefield 1
Bartender at Chippendales.
Has anyone been able to find the original Esquire article?
whoosh.png
Yea, i wish he could 1-shot musketeers
Oh no
sad one of my friends wanted to earn 3 runecoins for a deal for this week and the deal expires soon...
like 300k or less.
I find the water one better than the rainbow and sandcastle beams I own mostly because it sticks out more.
RIP CS week if people get banned over bug abuse coz jagex goof'd up a clue :P
Totally
In my experience, the ones who shout and scream are always wimps when the chips are down.
Hougang area, uploading file to my cloud and suddenly all the errors :(
Forget it...he's rolling.
The odds of it being more then 1 or 2 days late is less than 1% in my experience.
doesn't look very different to skylake at all.
And at that point in your life..... the douches united
People are soon gonna say to nerf archers to have 1 archer because archers promote boring gameplay.
Jesus she still thinks she was sexually harassed eh?
If by slim you mean 0% then ya.
Love the way he say dumb fuck.
Holy fuck, you're a genius
My mom would do this too, over and over, it drove me fucking crazy.
Deffo shitty flirting.
6 months in prison or county jail?
The rest of Michigan thanks you for your support
for double benetration
Accepted by them or by scholars?
I honestly thought they left out a zero by mistake
Hot Stove Season is the best season.
how do you define over involved from a basic econ perspective there is no such thing.
I hope you're ready for some ignant response in a couple of hours.
My mom has bad siatica and its helped her a lot
Some animals and some people.
It is!
FUCKED
some do
You'd need two.. if you swipe as soon as he turns blue you can get a second one in before he touches the ground... it doesn't always work though.
Where's the bowl?
fat fuck's just a glorified pad man
I was a child last time Sarkozy was in office, so can anyone refresh my memory--has he always been this far to the right, or is he capitalizing on anti-Islamic feelings?
Haha the guy on my Facebook said "So True".
Same
Yeah, if that's the case and Noodle was acting differently that night than he normally does, then the problem here isn't with Noodle, it's with Art not believing you.
I'm not gullible enough to take the word of something he wrote in a book so there's that
Well, she IS a part of Eddie's legacy.
that music was amazing.
Hillary is no saint either and that has nothing to do with her being a woman.
That's why its called a basket, it fits quite a few.
Fuck you OP, you're scum.
Same
PC
You're right, they'd have voted Trump.
Til.
Between the cigarettes and booze, i actually just bring my whole file cabinet to the club.
I was doing a political rhetoric thing about how the only time abusive police action makes it into the news is when it's a black victim.
I think echo is incredible and empty is great, this one I'm just not feeling
It sounds like you got rid of a moron easily.
My, my this here Anakin guy May be vader some day later Now he's just a small fry...
Works for me
Another post whining about legendaries, move along.
San Marcos and spring Valley
Did you pull a truckman?
What retail environment?
Thanks for letting me know.
That's an awfully long way of saying "I am entitled to your attention, female."
Humans hunted in packs, because they're not as strong or as fast as apex predators, so it makes sense for them to do that to survive.
Because charity starts at home.
Now this isn't to say there aren't cases of mages helping the templars, or even mages hiding as a templar but, AFAIK there are no cases of this within the story of the game.
Why are you gripping it like that
Yeah what a useless trick, bagging 50+ goals for consecutive seasons
All reviews are procedurally generated.
Clickbait said "wildest dreams" though so why limit yourself to 3 lousy days
I wanted to try it but the queues were so long, since it was called DODGEball, it would make more sense she could only use her 3 and 4 (less cancerous and you can dodge better)
Peeing in an open field isn't an offense as long as others can't see your strudel
Done!
Google gyaru or ganguro
So William is a host?
It's Monaka Jr!
That is fucking beautiful
Don't wash cars or motorbikes withs a Gerni either.
POSSIBLY
Country's that have mandatory voting, such as Australia, have an option to abstain, or not vote for anybody.
It almost hurts
Did you see how cool they looked while loading up the nerfs though
You really can't go wrong with anything from MSI, EVGA, or Gigabyte.
Also makes you think twice before putting batteries, CRT TVs, used motor oil, jugs of gasoline, ebola, nuclear waste, etc in that restaurant's trash can.
dnalb si nedE?
this is AWESOME!
Yeah and i saw a penguin that was flying once, so all must fly....
Wtf is this
Goddammit Bravo...
Used to be the same way in scotland, especially in the west coast, but even then scots never voted tory, they voted unionist.
How do you even work properly with a baby on your chest?
And then there was Mormonism
"Green means go"
Maybe it's the Whigs.
Yea, but MAGA so who cares!
Damn it, now he has to make a new name.
guilty by association... i wonder what his constituents actually think since labour strongholds were supposed to have voted favorably for brexit
Your party, pay up.
[](/yeah) I have one answer, and one answer only: YEEEEEAAAAH!
Wealth + social capital?
After watching Super I prefer the Japanese voice actor.
I rate this ~~10/10~~ bang/10
will let you know before 5 am
You forgot the British accent
Yup It's great for twitch reaction shooters imo.
Here, you dropped this:
Its good to see War Thunder has offered us an authentic aviation experience.
You know the Chinese are scamming us
Given how willing groups like google, twitter, and Facebook have shown themselves to work with the Turks, chinese, and Saudi governments before now, I wouldn't be surprised if they were already shopping it around
"gots poo, dabs was an ace"
Vanilla Bean Lemon Tart
Are you sure you're 24?
Yep, no more taking anti depressants if you want to drive.
Don't grapple me bro!
I'm really losing a lot of respect for the RHONY, ahem, cougars.
Sheree was not serving Chicken and Ramen noodle soup.
We have already collapsed, you just don't understand it yet.
Had to Google that.
r/RocketLeague Literally Unreadable
DAMN YOU OP!
Report this to the FBI and get Don Lemon fired.
Well, we don't have a culture of our own, so I guess that's why we should just abandon any of these so-called "traditions" right?
And if Trudeau did it, they'd say the kittens were Islamophobic misogynist white-supremacist kittens.. even if their fur was black, in which case they'd have had internalized racism or some shit.
I just took a massive cloak.
Ironically, calling the US president-elect an "ignorant child" is just as inflammatory as anything Trump has said.
I still see it in my trending list.
Wow thanks!
That's not your argument and I never said he wasn't.
I need a Sgarbossa Cramarossa Hossa line
I was hoping for a huge list not slides too.
Why does this sub seem to hate Tulsi?
I learned everything I know about blacksmithing from playing Skyrim.
I don't wanna ruin that hope as I am holding out as well, but I feel like the next week major came out and said he got blue dragon confused with a different title.
OK, be mad.
Normally people just downvote me.
Yes Because suburban women can totally relate to a trophy wife 5 days before the election.
Who is Mike Huckleberry?
Shit'll get ya
Leeloo Dallas mul-ti-pass?
Hey its me your brother
Greek
Ah ok.
Yeah because kissing = sex, fucking sexually illiterate country.
I hope that's sarcasm.
it's evolution, not design animals did not sat around and decided they needed to be poisonous particular species forked at some point with part of the population having poisonous mutation or a step in that direction this part simply had better chance of survival compared to the other part it was not a design of ultimate weapon, but a lucky random change that helped a bit
I just made a post but yours is better so I deleted my mine and now I'm here to declare my unwavering allegiance to Ty Blach
My mistake, I should have added
... Um... Ok....?
Tier 8 mediums should cost ~7500.. and thats with pmm...
This lizard.
I came here to say a less funny version of that.
By far the best magic related video I've ever seen.
Sony upgrade cycle.
If it floats....
Literally white privilege.
It's ironic that a recorded conversation with a Bush is going to be Trump's ultimate downfall.
Everyone shares the same DNA if you go back far enough.
Nazgrim never went to heaven, He was fighting demons in the twisting nether until we brought him back.
No
It's a safe space.
Holy shitballs that's harsh.
where do I go to request a custom size?
Oh
Dittiotto.
Novelist
Can someone please put it side by side with the original scene?
Please don't kill yourself.
I came here to make a similar joke.
You need to have it calibrated.
Those pre-ban Pepe's are literally worth their weight in gold right now, and going up every day!
And I was hand slapped by Political Discussion for speaking the truth.
OwO
that's ~~probably~~ for the better
There are plenty of stories of dissatisfied customers with Kogan, but I've bought a couple of cheap TVs from them and everything has been fine.
You mean like the women they are slut shaming for wearing 'hypersexualised' costumes?
STICKEM UP
He was bored
The terra is firma.
Um..., hello EIDE
Kinda is an excuse since the leaks aren't anything untrue, it's just showing Americans the truth.
Liquid choking and s1mple's love for hiko will result in infinite overtime
Do your own homework Carl
Ultimately you can never be 100% sure that anything is real.
Can't wait until next weeks episode of "I wasted so much time getting to this door that is on the front page each week" Such a great series!
During elementary school I accidentally stole a pawn from my school's chess set...
"are you trying to win pff noob" my brain melts everytime i meet these idiots
is this
Kenya say "failing", Donald?
I only know that if I live to be an old man, dickbutt will bring a similar smile to my face.
'membah WACO and Branch Davidians?
I hope this calms some of the fears people had about the park management aspect.
wow i never thought of this!
Can't believe someone would downvote this.
He's more consistent than your exclamation point usage.
But plenty of white people live in warm places but still have permenantly red cheeks?
Sun wall is pretty sunny but there's certainly options.
Artificial scarcity
The 2nd one
Username checks out
BttF2 was only a year off with their prediction!
The only way to fix these issues is to make the government even bigger!
The more words and terms they make up, the more legitimate their claims.
Well technically Dardoch is an adult too and we can see how immature he is.
Houston seems cheap, but you'll pay a lot more in property taxes, transportation, and insurance.
It's that damn Michelle and her drive to end childhood obesity.
I own gta5 on 4 platforms, I will own this new game on at least two on the day it comes out.
Superaids*
Yayyy guns are so awesome guys #circlejerk
See one of my latest posts
TrumpU isn't as subtle as it used to be.
I might use this as a subtle way of showing what's up.
Oh right yeah, you can't just watch one episode at a time.
Traded for such a stupid reason, still can't believe that shit
Unfortunately no
are you new to r/canada?
Bitcoin is dead!
well if you aren't rich and white, it's obviously your fault and you're lazy.
I figured the C would just come naturally to you since it's your favorite letter
Meator Belfort
How illegal is this?
BECAUSE IT'S IMPORTANT THAT EVERYONE KNOWS THE STATUS OF YOUR SEXUALITY, GENDER, RACE, IDENTITY REGARDLESS OF THE TYPE OF PERSON YOU ARE DUH
Have you talked to a Trump supporter?
Could you make a team out of just Dembele's and Sissokos?
Theres a difference between having a good time and going apeshit cause someone does the robot for 5 seconds.
yea thats why pc online is failing.
when a man and a woman watch some netflix...
Such a sick burn, troll
I've done all of those hasn't worked yet Joined football Overhauled everything I wear New hairstyle and started lifting regularly Tried join social groups but no one listens
Exclusives you can never go wrong, so that's a good way to go to start.
*weedeasies*
I would keep promoting BN team.
You could always pay it back in tithe or consider the thousands you've already given for maintenance of facilities.
Do not listen and go vote!
or using sharex
Knights damage is very relevant to protecting 3M
They do consider "believe in me or I send you to an eternity of torture" to be an actual choice involving free will so yeah, they have a pretty fucked up concept of choice.
How is it ironic?
Weaken said it was the last messege they talked about the team...
Gave Stafford for Cooper.
please get off our freeways - protest by voting
It has an base-level map editor but it's buggy.
Yeah I actually like the flavor and texture
I'd yell something.
Maybe upside down under the basket?
It's in Middleton now.
I'm still waiting to see Koe no Katachi but I've heard it was just good.
The difference between fiction a d propaganda is one is used as fact.
Nope, bursting it will outgun anything but a medic.
I ordered some stuff too
I think you won
Rip console locks.
and how do you plan to stop me, Musk?
Almost no parenting needed!
I don't think he was talking about her country of origin, more her lack of an ass to go with those gams.
So can I make Matthews 86 overall med franchise potential without being judged?
Looks like a ban, can't get onto Siege or a Drop-In for NHL.
Z rank all of his missions and you get 3 wishes for every dragon ball collection.
**Fourth** repost
With Android you manually choose what the app has access to
Yea, it's a thousand of us, it's only one of him.
You missed the
...corn
K
Entertaining, but such bullshit on how that kid walked out of the fridge perfectly albeit he rubs his eyes at the start.
Not as bothered by my utter lack of friends or people that even like or talk me.
Remind me, which party is it that carries snowballs into Congress to disprove global warming?
3 "X $uicide"s In
Community college.
Hooters?
It is so.....glorious...
Yeah I mean it has been the last 6 months maybe where I have seen numbers that I felt could compete with the 4790K for gaming.
And Trump won most counties your point?
dont be so harsh on yourself
#TeamPitt
He didn't even try to hide his identity with a random birthday.
Yeah, you gained 2 hours to make up for the 3 hours of runtime lost since the iOS 9 release.
I liked all the Air Bud movies.
Except that we have brutally efficient methods of animal consumption here at home
"It's still an incredibly reckless and insane POSSIBLE COURSE OF action" FTFY, you Nervous Nellie
So... Hoxton Breakout Plan C?
lol, what about black marlin, spearfish, and swordfish?
I hope this is "This will be our everyday LF if you dont pay for a real one Jim" message from Luhnow.
Oh yeah, he's in there.
Well that just proves she wasn't racist at all then
Sounds like a stable police officer.
That's a hella gangsta lean.
the same logic that allows nekros to still desecrate nova and saryn victims.
Not too mention ridiculous line spacing, effectively reducing the screen estate by half.
He's talking about all the naked people.
That's why we got it free.
The RCP link is just rehosted fox content so it's just one source - some guy from fox.
It's for euthanizing laptops with dead pixels
When does the big neon TRUMP sign go up on the white house roof?
You know, the words from Duterte, are very mean.
Sammy is a beast
There is no evidence
Of course, Tennessee is also one of those bullshit "Right-to-Work" states.
Texas
That's Anna Kendrick.
I know during Vietnam some soldiers would keep necklaces with Vietcong ears... Creepy stories..
I can't tell if you are autistic
LOL he was being a dick to the judge in red and it bit him in the ass.
I don't think hes saying it's right he's just saying that the industry may have developed much more slowly or not at all without piracy, which i have to agree with.
Arnold_LiftaBurger M.D.
I misread that as Kimi.
WELL DONE BAKU
Yeah that was a disappointment for me too
A sociologist should not be evaluating people for personality disorders lol
The Alt-Left: no such thing exists.
Well... that's not reasonable worldview, so it's not in the least surprising from you.
That's my kind of blasphemy!
At least we could turn the machine off...
Signs OP is a virgin.. doesn't know the vagina is internal
I think it's a little too early to make that claim, he's still up there with polling.
Tell me.
Pretty sure it's a single, uncompressed video file
Lmao thats gonna be a fucking furnace
Aver has binders filled with numbers xD
That's so Serbian
Drop it like its hot?
When you charge so hard you put the enemy through concrete wall
I'd like to own a Miata, but I live in the south and I like my face without tire marks on it.
Miata.
You commenting on this post is part of the reason they keep making them, there's no way to tell if they actually make them more money but every comment and share and view tells them that they should keep doing it.
I agree with you, but you should buy it if you feel the price is right, be it the profit margin is 99% or 1%.
They told me I might need one if things got worse but 72 days of bed rest kept my baby safe and drove me absolutely crazy.
love the hillary/goldman sachs 2016 campaign button :)
HAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
So much this.
Might as well just eat the frosting by itself.
epm and floral maybe cudgel i'd definitely keep
realistically, you should always have more metal than stone untill you start upgrading in metal
I'm 32 and not too proud to take some of that money too
Butcher next?
*:(*
**TCHOO TCHOO**
Haha yeah they're definitely having an influence on him, I'm guessing he'll open up a bit more about his current thoughts &amp; goals in an arc or two since they'll likely be very relevant by that point.
Yeah man theres no cheats in BF1
Except not at all
Now it's "female humanoid organisms"
Hey as long as they arent communists they are good by american standards
I think almost everyone here would get this.
That's probably why women get paid 80% as much...
And I don't think Colorado has seen Nico Lodiero yet.
Crowell who put up 12
wave3:Buying rune kite, 30k!
But too many characters
Let off some steam, Bennett
Not consistent
Let's not forget that Islam is the religion of peace
Happened to me today and now I'm crying
Then winning Ecos
So I kind of know, would bbq pork with vinegar not work better for that region?
Winter Lanterns
Yeah, that's the policy every is up in arms about
Knowledge is so boring, right!
this guy wanks
Or play shadow priest, tends to be good match up for either
Ask him about Half Life 3
I haven't :(
So it was home base?
You stay away from her
It'll make it look more legit if people like the author of this article would **stop sourcing it to a non-existent congressman**.
By deadly I meant it as an extremely good attack to use.
like every other nice big city in the world.
Do you have "looking for everyone" selected?
This.
Where's the Chicago version?
You'd be so surprised how wrong you are
Wilson has 2 super bowl appearances in two years, including one win...
So an IP ban?
Purging voters doesn't qualify?
7
He was just 1 week from retirement!
What does that have to do with Michael Phelps?
It's in his newest video, think he just forgot because a few seconds later he says he hadn't played against an ahri in years
.. and once again having to ignore everything else, cause pulling your head out of your ass is not compatible with supporting trump
Sweden!
The fuk cares?
I think it's situational but if this is somebody you hang out with and you don't have the balls to ask them it when you are hanging out that's lame
We're bots, bro.
Hey maaaaan that same argument is being used to justify gays maaaaaaaaaan what the hellll maaaaan you need to like be more considerate of our brothers and sisters maaaaaaan
;) I understand well-plotted revenge.
A financial advisor
"Fun"
Yeap,i've faced red dead head before... Say hi to my minion horde :D
I miss this style of metal core so much
By loving in kind.
Keep telling that to random strangers on the internet and you may just spoil your lucky streak.
I'm ready for Fallout 5.
But then the future internet historians would be confused by this post.
But... We live for drama...
on ios is like 1 or 1.50 more
"I just unlocked a bipod for my knife"
Nah they don't let fuckwits in there
Possession is 9/10 of the law.
You anger a duck.
When he was available at our pick I was so freaking happy....
Probably less about superstition and more that black cats and dogs look "boring" and plain
Repost this to r/TalesFromThePizzaGuy
If you want money don't become a musician
Probs trolling
Us too please.
True, but I don't think I indicated otherwise.
Ya, I support Wikileaks, but I was very upset by their initial releases because there wasn't any screening which lead to cases like the one is the documentary where it cost lives for no real reason.
Plus way too much use of pesticides, etc.
so the 3 people that buy it on the windows store can play together nice
It cured every disease, but was it's own cancer.
For PS4, should've clarified.
If you get kicked you don't get a debuff preventing you from requeueing.
Sooooo many cameras with strobe flashes!
yep, pretty fucking frustrating.
Boston, Detroit, Washington (health dependant) and Milwaukee in the East IMO.
Overwatch: Origins
Spicy
He wasn't arminian, but I wouldn't call him Calvinist, unless the Lutheran church's theology has had a major shift away from calvinism since his death
It's just you.
Nah, I ain't a pussy wussy
hopefully you got the electric fence upgrade for the new one
I'm up in Canada, so I'm just going to stay put while that man is in office...
Yeah, cancer is kinda a bitch, you know.
He's gorgeous
This
I'm surprised that Rafe is higher than Lazarevic
here
both forms are considered correct when used as a verb
You obviously don't understand what assassination markets do.
Obviously
Okay so I guess you know everything and have never had a brain freeze in your life over something important/obvious.
S
If you honestly believe that then you haven't been paying attention to her at all, you do know her record as a senator is publicly available right?
And then fret about what they can do to fight global warming.
To feed his ego?
Aren't hot and cold water pipes the same material?
Imagine if these gps spoofers were valor, you will be more safer
Or delete gyms entirely turn gyms into mega pokestops that gives 5 coins per spin once every 21 hours.
Nothing, because saying "you, I like you" is cringe worthy and Inhibits social conversation in an open environment.
If they wanted to prove who's the best team they would just award a championship to the team with the most wins at the end of season, that's not what playoffs are about.
Gambling with no chance of ROI
Still better than most of the absolute crap put out by Hollywood since the 90's ended.
No, just against an uneducated electorate.
Title one of them "*It Almost Happened Here*" as a counter point to Sinclair Lewis' semi-satirical political novel "*It Can't Happen Here*"
even aside from the blatant misogyny, this is great because we have so much space in our prisons!
tbf flipping water bottles does sound incredibly dull, unlike MEMES
I know he has at least 1 cause I was talking shit when he hit it.
I'm sure most people here appreciate the name on a garment then the actual garment it's self.
Think he can handle it... he's got the ultimate cranium
What does a team do when they lose to a garbage fire?
It's just a joke, can't you tell?
The cannon is just trying to save you ammo bro
Could be OP's pet, keep in mind Alligators are self sufficient from birth, not like Mama cares if a few of her babies run off
ok
Straight into the back of your throat
I had two micro usbs and a usb to wall adapter with my azpen tablet Ends up not recieving touch input in the center of the screen all the way across two months later god dammit
If J. Edgar Hoover was alive and blackmailing politicians still it would've read - Merry Christmas.
Why are you reposting this
is there any confirmation that he'd be "head trainer"
A good lux player auto attacks between abilities to pop off the passive.
THIS ON-LAN PIECE OF BELGIUM SHIT
Damn, I should have known this would be the wrong place to pitch a fantasy narrative ;-)
If you want updates... don't buy a TracFone device.
it usually means they want someone with 5 years experience, and work ethic willing to work for entry level wages.
I hear they are reerecting the towers.
This, or remove the elixir bar and hide the opponents cards in his hand
Thadines pretty close, but i wouldnt say any of the women are well endowed
I have a feeling the Ohio State and Iowa games may have had something to do with it possibly, and he's just saying the distance thing as an excuse because he's trying to be nice, like you said.
Give Rutgers and Maryland to the ACC or something to make it more evened out.
People don't learn anything about getting away with crimes while they're in prison, do they?
picked up hitman so far
You're thinking of the Force.
"Only guaranteed form of contraceptive" is true.
I think it's Searching for the power by ginnymylove.
So veigar?
Cruisers only, no modules, final destination
Thats exactly the reason I have to flee to Vegas or San Diego once in a while
DILF braum and graves skins Also a karma skin but who cares about karma
It's fun when people like op get really salty
Nope it's not bad
Merry Christmas to you even though you're a rider fan
Your inbox is about to be destroyed.
hold up
Maybe a tree stole your bike because you attacked his family
So you just burn money hiring workers then it upgrades?
This needs to make it to the top of r/all so the afterberners see it
Found my next username
The words of House Flacco: Elite
It's like he's saying we're entering a post gender society with HRC, just like we've become a post-racial society with Obama.
And if you simply can't just pay the lip service.
4DS?
I like the verse but it did feel a bit like the classic "tag a rap verse onto a pop song"
I love it
Department of ^selective Justice
PROOF
* Ludwig The Accursed and even more The Holy Blade * The first Hunter * Papa Guacamole * Clerical Beast Here are my 4 favorite OSTs of BB, even if some other themes (OoK, Lady Maria, ...) come close.
Medical lies and fraud mostly.
Vermont is literally the easiest population to please in the entire United States.
Especially because it's not illegal
Did you manage to keep the Genghisid line?
This isn't even close to the Ghost boss in Bioshock: Infinite.
There will still be support for 32 bit
The bot that posted this doesn't care.
Pretty sure the term is 'house nigger', not field negro.
It really is *that easy*.
Nailed it
"I only care about animals that are cute"
Ab tak Chappan
I forgot what your question was, can you please repeat it.
That would help though, isn't part of crime-solving to narrow down the suspects?
You said "I'm know there's more" maybe you should've drafted your post on paper and had a coworker proof read it .
T
Not actually me_irl, I read about business and law, Delaware has great corporate law structure.
Implying a router has anything to do with Wi-Fi.
2014 holograms.
You don't deserve it!
Correct!
Fly improved a lot and fits the team well, don't think they're looking to replace him.
oh god, even worse
Acho que faltou o
It's the apothican servant
#TRIGGERED
*cue the trap music*
Even Secrets Paladin is a N'Zoth deck now...
Story missions
Cue Trump in a *swaggy* "Zaibatsu Life" ball cap.
Bulgogi sauce
Eh my opinion is yea you might get some but it ain't gonna be quality
Ok, but this is a start ... the principles are there ... and to start a fire, you only need a spark in the right spot.
'People of Colored People' just doesn't have the same ring to it.
It isn't every time.
I don't know who "Sonja" is, but I like her.
which of those cpu's is closest to a phenom@4ghz (4 core 4 thread), i'm looking to upgrade to a FX-8370 once they sell for $150 net new.
OP is reason #256 on why you should not upgrade to Windows 10...
i haven't yet seen the great wall of china on IS images.
Says the billionaire haha
Funimation has been doing more and more sub only releases lately.
Surprised nobody was afraid they'd be cursed for doing so.
But at least they brought their hard hats to work.
I love that streaks dont dictate the entire game in IW.
I think it's because you have to make them in bulk so they have to pick popular molecules.
You have a wood stake handy?
Wooooooo me too
In other news, water is wet.
Ditto.
If we're being real, it probably is Russia
With Trump we'd see a collapse.
Real shit right here.
I just wonder sometimes just how much Laimbeer would be hated on r/nba.
pits out for underlord
I call people a quivering cunt splat a lot... No idea where it came from I also like cock gobbling quim stain
Discussing this would be admitting the brocode exists which would be a violation of one of the rules of the brocode
Broken clocks.
Can't wait to see how the polls react to this one.
Ranking I think
It isn't a police state if it protects your delicate sensibilities I guess.
Never heard of him.
Should've taken Jasmine down while you had the chance man!
But they didn't.
Monsanto, because they are the devil.
Time to learn how to use a goddamn computer then.
Nah, it probably just has the highest quality pixels so Phil Spencer took the liberty of upping the rating for everyone.
Can confirm this works
Upvote for BritishMuzzleLoaders.
Yes, it can.
Omg are you serious how could I miss that!
I've had stranger Thursdays.
That looks like it is growing plums...
Predator in my ass: the Jerry Sandusky story.
Some people don't deserve kids.
His boner adds one inch to his height
Basically
Didn't MSNBC get rated the most truthful stories than any other news site
Nah, you got it!
Same here but those muscles sure are getting tired.
Would love to get one thx
I don't think the Boys will be playing there, Zeke
i.redd.it*
The idea was really the only funny part
Yeah, this is a bullshit article, so at least they have that in common.
In 2.6 alone, there are 4 new ships and 4 new variants in the game.
Nope, they just blew the power already with the shields being cranked too high, so the ship was already down when the employee was sent.
I think he meant after Thanksgiving
But somehow it goes back to women obeying their man or facing punishment, which is pretty prevalent in Islam.
Oh hey, that's the new Tick.
You're a Wizard Lincoln.
he avoided the -____- moment
i hear ya there
Homewrecking is a favorite pastime for many women.
Nothing good will come from her knowing how he feels!
It isnt wasted when youre getting wasted.
High football IQ
No, X-Men is too great.
Remember, the T-Wolves are going to be sp00ky good this year
Wow, you've sure convinced me a bill of rights drafted by British representatives elected by the British public which can be changed at anytime should the British people deem it necessary is a bad idea
So yes or no, being treated like a boy in Education is a privilege?
But it's everyone else's fault they can't get laid
The "commanders" have no say in the matter, it is basically a direct line between the president and the missile silo.
Killary Shillton must obviously be controlling you using her body double
#THIS
I feel like the mods on mr_trump aren't too strong because I made a ban-able comment yesterday against trump and it's still there, and even has positive karma lol
too fat
Why would someone post lies on the interner?
Glock buff please and thank you.
You're so naive.
But you were kind of wrong about it last year
I'd love to see another faction that uses power armor, but with a lot more variation
This is probably some brilliant reverse psychology.
lol I went through tons of black friday/cyber monday sale lists and didn't EVER come across Civ V :'(
nah they go to their grave with the lies, like Bush and Hillary will
I think they're saying liberal feminism was invented by anti-feminists to distract feminists from the *one true feminism*, radical feminism.
There go my shares in the 76 large corporations...
I've seen posts referencing this all day, and I'm really glad someone posted a wiki, because I'm lazy
I sometimes think it is.... It makes me stand every now and then if I have been sitting for too long by cramping up lol.... It doesn't like bearing my weight for too long.
Oh well,i didn't have a chance to play MGO2 too much,that's why i forgot about that
Finally it's the only thing missing to make it great again ;)
We spent a first rounder three years prior, and he had yet to play more than three games a season because he was drastically injury prone.
It's nice, but can we can we get a Halloween skin like we did for other holidays?
If we're (what I understand your metaphor's implying as) spaceships for another race, shouldn't we start investing in more manned space travel so we can get there as well as getting them there?
I'm just trying to deflate your ego.
My fist gets 26 to 27 so that's hardly better.
YOU'LL DO FOOKIN NUTTIN'
Gorgeous Rott!
I think its normal that I have to equip my 850 ring instead of Sephuz's secret.
I'm almost positive any post from a Trumpinista that begins with LOL is from a Russian shill....which is about 90% of them.
I'm surprised they let her wear that.
Difference is, Android phones are good.
In Chennai, the news would be about bachelor inviting the girl into his apartment.
Classic "Do as I say, not as I do"...
haha sweet!
What, exactly, is liberal about George Soros owning the government via his brain-damaged Manchurian candidate whose only life accomplishment was marrying an impeached president?
Kelly's Liquors in Downtown gets it pretty often.
He's pretty metal, nice job!
Exdeath Kuja Cloud of Darkness Terra Zidane Golbez Warrior of Light Lenna Lightning Garland Locke Fencer Freya
What about super predator
A difficulty based on distance, the ring-biome mod and void decay would be amazing together as a modpack.
It would be called a division 1 store in Walmart lingo.
It is pretty racist to want people to prove who they are tbh.
You must be a lot of fun at parties
Don't forget fake "whoops your memory card is corrupted"
Yeah, having to buy an average of ~300+ chests to get a Molten Warhound makes it totally worthless, we all know everyone does that daily!
But he went down as if shot
Yeah I should of made myself clearer.
Suspicious Cropping
Never heard that one before.
Once in a lifetime experience, for various reasons.
haha thinking is for them, u just watch and learn
Yer i forgot about our Korean Overlords ;/
Probably less than how many watched Worlds live today :^)
Bartenders are scum that deserve it; its an occupational hazard!
Yeah, totally can't wait for people to start posting GIFs and quotes directly from the episodes without any humor or value added whatsoever!
For pointing out that this person spreading misinformation could cause someone to have their credit damaged and possibly lose their license?
Because those teams couldn't get a win off either NA or KR as the two teams that actually fought them, let's pretend they don't exist now!
Kind of like the saying goes, something like: "if you could reason with a religious person, there would be no religious people"
Yes, so convenient.
"I will watch all 600 episodes without sleeping" I wish I could.
True true
Japs love traps dude, I believe it.
He never promised to put Clinton in jail, once elected, that I am aware of.
I think a lot of lawn mower owners might be rightfully insulted by that comment... I believe most lawn mowers have more HP than my vehicle.
You are conducting message-rape.
**** 1/2
Agree with a lot of this but if you're replacing Curry with a star guard why not replace Draymond with a star big man
Emulators have a disc change function and you can select the file of the new disc you want it to read
Why?
Yeah I saw winners circle at first and was like....again?
so ~~6~~ 8 armor triage with half rattles and half machs?
Freedom of speech motherfucker
WE CAME TO PLAY, THAT'S WHAT
Brown V The Board was '54
I don't really understand what is going on
Trump for commentator 2016
Unlocking lore wasn't "nothing" especially considering that was the whole purpose of the ARG.
Is there anything else you would recommend (aside from a degree) that will help increase my chances of landing an IT job in addition to the A+ Cert?
Paris is in it?
I have a 3ds already, dont really collect consoles.
Woosh.
TIL Wanting to date a beautiful woman is considered sexist.
Agreed.
Cubones and Marowaks have been spawning more for me too.
Sure, you can create a project with MongoDB support by adding the `+mongodb` flag when creating the project, e.g: lein new luminus myapp +mongodb Personally, I use Postgres as it supports working with both relational tables and JSON documents.
what are you replying in reference to?
I like how he just stands around and stares afterwards like "Oh my god... I just witnessed a murder..."
Now they finally know how we feel.
I'll have you know that I read a lot of fanfiction so I am a very sophisticated person thank you very much
Thanks!
The Refs are fuckin' us guy.... although maybe he is right
Learning a valuable lesson early on
No no no, Gary Sinise beat them both.
Knowing KO, he'll probably lay out Jericho and put his name on the list himself.
r/cats
The miracle of spackle
still trying to figure out what "NP" means?
TimmyTurnersGrandDad, the spinoff of Siiva
He looks like he would have done a lot better on the newer x-games style layouts than he would have done in the pipe.
Maybe by 2017, interest in Diablo will be on the rise and the necro will save the game then.
But then you lose the active of these items, unfortunately.
Fuck em all to death.
And when he wasn't injured he sucked.
Wait a minute ...
How would buying six printers help?
for some reason I thought it said "flusha cheats with a smile" lol
Probably No Man's Sky.
I do but then I have to manually reorganize them alphabetically when I add a new game.
So if it's wrong for Trump, does that mean it's also wrong for Hillary's CTR?
Whatever helps you sleep at night
You forgot about us in the IE
Yup, those are the ones that consistently keep drives alive and moving.
At least I'm not the one with a hand up my ass.
They're all staples within their archetypes, but I'd probably go for Thalnos because he has that added value of being a classic card.
Wild Warrior with Gahz'rilla?
Figured this would happen when I saw the upcoming rental mission for it.
i wonder if he's an Indica or Sativa type of guy...
Funnily enough, two threads above you is someone celebrating maxed skill tree.
If Katt Williams had a McLaren I think this would be it.
The HBO Go interface
That wasn't a medical 'nope'.
It's because of the unofficial skyrim patch mod
Well that's less fun
A rich tradition started by Black Reign
Man all this posts about Forza make sme want to get FH3, but I can't justify it, because I'm likely to play it enough to pay $60+ for it.
Toronto media always putting words in players' mouths...
That makes us smart!
Being able to pick around the world for the country with the lowest possible taxes may be legal, but it still is a shitty thing to do on a social level
You don't know Terry?
Your mistake was fucking one little chicken.
Omg, during the last step up's I did a multi with Nnoitra and Nozomi too xD
"They could have hired you, Andy..."
And since they are not in the EU, I dont give a fuck.
You're fine lol, all we can do right now is speculate
I thought this comment was referencing Archimedes
Gun Mettle Alchemist gave me a hardy chuckle tbh
Yup, no problem
Wont be able to concentrate on killing her with her cleavage in my face.
Don't be obtuse.
Based centipede!
If there are lots of good RB handcuffs in Free Agency, I would probably save it.
that joke was so savage, it killed Breadbear
doesn't matter.
He just scored a hat trick for me.
Do they have a military in Canada?
Translation: Any attempt to employ white people = climate change
shush we don't talk about that super cancer here
Which outsiders are you talking about?
Still great.
k thanks!
SCOTT COMES TO THE RESCUE!
Yeah it really fucking sucks when I bite down thinking Im gonna get a soft glorious cookies and it turns out to be a shitty chocolate chip cookie
I like 'notchback' better.
Obama's campaign team was heavily involved in Trudeau's
The US has an entire political party that keeps saying that climate change is a hoax, fossil fuels are the fuel of the future and that we need to take all controls off corporate monopolies.
There were all kinds of people in the 50's and 60's who were outcasts because they were in photos shaking hands and praising nazi leaders.
His fund raising is no where near Hillary's or Republican expectations.
He's got the diabeetus.
Peavy and Pagan leaving opens up even more money
USA, probably.
Get-ChildItem would only count once....I get three error messages.
After playstation vr takea off is my guess
Please have a seat
Fair.
thx
"...we would all be sitting in the Garden of Eden, eating fruit all day and cuddling lions right now..."
So edgy.
Hey guys, he doesn't know what the thimble means!
I bet that feels weird.
But it was clearly only dismissed because of death threats even though literally no one fucking knows her name.
Hey that money was put to good use paying fines for criticizing the refs.
Because Carley, Harley, and/or Marley were just too mainstream?
I mean, the uk still does bother with it too.
Oh yea there's no criticism towards the BS
Quick someone photoshop him into Phillies colors so we can see!
That's not ayeris
Well you can put a down payment of 3.5% so that's potentially a $400k+ home.
Don't worry, you'll inevitably topdeck Nourish next turn anyways
Seems like that dude lived balls out.
The whole point of easy to drive is that you don't need an amp.
Any info is always helpful, thank you.
What's left of the world to enjoy after you take away all the strawman factions that spend all day misrepresenting ideologies that Goodkind disapproves of?
They're getting a big ol' rework in 2.2, which should arrive within a few weeks
Deport them all and let God sort them out.
DeRozen the turnover master!
It's ya boy
Which you can get from hhilla if you really don't wanna spend anything
Looks like Freeza
Did you miss who is in charge of the ADL and when Pepe became a symbol of hate?
Forced birthers.
"Growing Together" is actually the Bill Clinton/Bill Cosby campaign slogan, after the intern drinks their cocktail and they take their blue pills...
But they can't because they aren't above the law like Shillary
More reason to vote for her.
stop comparing everything to watergate
*taxpayers pay
It could confuse your muscles and make muscle grow in places where you didn't actually work out.
Dat wig
I think his username was "fire-for-effect without the for"
It's almost like it isn't a real video!
Yup like japan and most of europe.
I'm gonna go out on a limb here and say that Hillary Clinton was the main reason that Hillary Clinton lost the election....
Face palm
Why do you think so?
Not really what I was asking.
Ever seen an episode of Gunsmoke?
Are you being deliberately obtuse?
Well it's fine for me so you might need to upgrade your service.
Well it HAS to be healthy because it sure isn't delicious.
You know, *in some countries*, women with two sets of breasts are revered.
Probably have to add some boiled honey to get the full effect.
The political class wants to keep their gridlock on power... the spice, I mean pork, must flow!
#HILLAREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
I wish you were my lbs lol
I've gotten a couple 40%ers from rolls but unfortunately my work doesn't use them
IDK, a bigger acorn?
Yeah, but "crazy" doesn't really mean anything, you're just trying to silence her...
IF YOU GUYS COULD JOIN FORCES AND END EVEN YEAR BULLSHIT, I WOULD BE SO HAPPY
"Shit, there's old man Musk with his tunnel idea again."
They did that in my city too
Milo?
Google mtgox
I wish he had a bolo tie with a "sleepy Ben Carson" emblem on it.
My absentee ballot is already in the mail.
I wonder how long it took the people staring at their phone screens to figure out they couldn't see jack shit.
This just makes me want to learn German or Italian even more.
awww yiiissss
That akward moment when a dubstep intro comes out from nowhere and everyone jumps... :)
Scott: Note to self, make a new FNAF game about this
Tim Tebow
No, they won't.
Thanks for the clarification.
anime is saved
TROP KICK THEM MOTHERFUCKERS
I agree can Reddit investigate it?
They're on the take.
Why would you handicap yourself like that?
Fundamental Conservation of KEK Law: **KEK cannot be created or destroyed, but is transferred from cucks to winners**
IIRC Astralis have one
You can pray for both yourself and others, prayer is not exclusive to one demand or request, you can pray for many things.
That explains things better, I think I was just exaggerating my position, although I still do not really agree with Open Theism.
Fuck shit cunt
Redditors are dense
I wish we'd go after Puig
biology is piss easy man, if you concentrate throughout the year you dont have to study
1 crucial turnover
Just drive it in reverse for a mile
00's
Is there anyone here that thinks what Lyon did was wrong but Brad Scott wasnt?
When fascists get power, they don't like to give it back.
Because _true_ master race ascendants play games on Linux.
You missed the most acclaimed sci-fi image book, Saga.
Congrats
But I don't think people in HL use Sunder effectively, and casting EQ isn't as punishing.
This DOES make me feel better.
'Member the Super Nintendo?
Cause this has never been posted before.
2 of them was in the CL...
Sounds pretty good to me but I already put Sriracha on everything.
I don't think you know how heroin works.
"Prince of peace" or "prince peace"
I noticed that too.. something has definitely changed about him.
Vaal discipline.
Political propaganda, best way to annex.
That was some damn good questioning, I hope to see more of this guy on this sub
Roos are known for eating children
Malinis pagkakatrabaho dito kay mayor, walang kaduda dudang nanlaban at hindi pinatay lang basta basta.
Comes with digital till early Jan 2017 IIRC.
*Vomits uncontrollably*
G502 Master Race
Except the author was working with the person in charge of the series composition and even wrote a few lines for the characters in the anime so it is canon whether you like it or not.
You see, he might some slight errors in the worlds finals game as a 17 year old guy in his rookie split must mean he's bad
i watch too much pornography
Those are messenger stickers.
I hate it when they don't do that.
This could probably be more a problem with Kotaku then D'Anastasio herself?
Aren't they?
Best place in town.
Nowhere to be found yet though.
Too bad she won't use her powers for good.
Just Ghost them.
Also 105 and started pre season 6 :D
I did not know this, I am by no means an expert on whisky/whiskey
But disguising while being actively attacked by a tower won't help, since it keeps its target locked (and you get hit by the tower because it doesn't disjoint projectiles, taking damage and breaking your disguise)
Not to be that guy, but you used a full team of OEs on a trial that was meant for 7 stars.
so, youve missed the point... once played Factorio, you cannot leave it (/go afk) for 5 hours without the "Strong Will" achievement already acquired.
I'm surprised he didn't grab the doll's pussy.
This is the only Kickstarter that I have backed that hasn't turned out successful or at least communicated delays in a timely manner.
And they're supposed to be side-by-side, not one in front of the other.
Graves is a classic counterjungling pick that you already mentioned that I would highly recommend.
Or video games, I hear you guys get shafted on that as well.
Honestly I don't think OP cares, none of the articles even make sense.
Almost looks like his lymph nodes are swollen.
Against Treviso.
Stop, or someone will step in and fall.
I have 500 total on my two week old Ironman the fuck you on about
you forgot
thank
see the sidebar, its not
Either hit enter twice or add two spaces at the end of each line in a reddit comment.
whatever you prefer, i'm west
Probably assault and battery because I hit my bitch of an aunt.
so why do you think there the 'sum is greater than the whole of its parts'?
Are tits supposed to be attached to your neck?
Some twisted logic to get around to that point, but if you want to talk about a group of people fucked over more than any other in North America, that would be the correct choice.
I want one
Sometimes, you just have to let people fail.
So you do think Russia should be held accountable?
And it probably isn't the first time the principal has raged at a kid.
I would liked to have seen two more semis box one of these guys in, get a bit close to him, make him sweat a bit.
Boy, that would be a waste after giving him over 100 candies.
Whatever helps you sleep at night, man.
59.99 for TWC 300/10 in KC
John Smith.
I think you misspelled *yoga
Yeah, because his Native American family will do so much better with Trump as President.
Preschool*
Unless she is against someone that's planning to lock us all up and tell the public how nasty we really are.
Upvoted for the reference
That guy with the eggs?
Quadrangle.
Wow hubby sounds nice
Planetary, Gotham Central, and Animal Man are all great and 50 bucks or less on instocktrades.
Man caught pausing time.
she's the one trump supporter
She haz the drunk.
Get some silicone based scar gel.
Now look at britain it's now a south asian colony !
Yeah not as cool though
You could post a fucking picture...
I favour Schiller
Ahhh, but weren't those emails doctored by Russia?
I got kinda tired of packing and unpacking, town to town up and down the dial.
Yeah, since demon horns aren't commonly used to symbolize anything outside the 40K lore
You don't have to be so grizzly about it.
The only thing worse than the offseason of a sports sub is the offseason of a TV sub.
WOW what a huge surprise
A father's experience is worth a son's 100 mistakes.
412
Power banks also aren't perfect so there are some leaks
White Christmas.
Big L was better than both.
Lingard is 24 in a few months.
No, I thought the opposite: Surface needs a dock that adds a GPU like how the Switch has.
I'm gonna hold off judgement on the off chance OP is Bill Waterson.
Ahhh fuck!
Just put bad cards into your deck to tech against it.
_[Bismillahs]_ **straps C4 around waist** #ALLAHU AKBAR
Good thing we just put studded tires on the Rawls Royce.
I hope the game is shit just to spite you
You might be right but I think the point was there's not a whole lot of undecideds who are frequenting the politics sub, and are going to be convinced by a top comment.
I really hope that alot of this stuff is
Congratulations you've just defined r/latestagecapitalism
That's why you went to USC out of HS.
That sounds like a bad attempt at baiting you both for a threesome.
Humpary
Even worse.
Try 1.3 million.
I look down so I don't step on the hot lava at the grocery store.
No I've just been drifting through life not trying to solve any of my problems
but america totally wins if were going off Nimitz class supercarriers
2015 to 2016 Titans baby woooooooo!
Vayne, Ezreal, Caitlyn, Ashe
If Lightflare came out in secret (which is its OCG rarity), and further support was announced, I could see it and Lightshower peaking at 10-ish to be fair
May I ask how old is your phone if you can't use a gps
See: headphone jack, iPhone.
We should send him your photo just to be sure
Because the Blackhawks have enough cups
In her next book she'll probably explain that her parents molested her.
Can confirm, I eate circus peanuts and now have type 2 diabetes
As if they'd base an entire class mount around one of the first tiers released.
Its okay, shes going to prison now.
Yeah, because Baal runs are more fun and unique than rifts.
&lt;3
Well, regression will happen pretty soon I'd be guessing then
or sexy, if you're into that sort of thing
Yea but it's the NRA and they should have no place in public firearm safety protocols.
Make sure to use an ad blocker if you stream it
I try not to but realistically it's going to happen a lot.
I mean, that happens.
Second word in the bio
Whale*
Baseball isn't his strength, but he's amazing on Inside the NBA.
That comment you just responded to is exactly the reason why summonerschool needs a minimum rank limit before you're allowed to give advice
here you go, buddy :) 3577370
Pink FTMFW!
Those silly women being all emotional.
I suspect the navy thing might be the navy's way of telling Obama to fuck off and get someone else to do his dirty work.
Are we tired of winning yet?
Only the New York district court said it was unconstitutional, so it isnt universally 'unconstitutional'.
name should suffice
Reported for spam.
That wasn't in favor of stemlords, however much it may seem, it was a critique
We should start making it an issue NOW.
If people can't say "no" on their own, is a Reddit post going to help?
HyperShadows1 382 Hunter
Was pretty funny, Ive watched every episode multiple times and the recent few season just haven't hit the spot for me.
Would you really go up to someone as say that without thinking it conveys disrespect?
I'm more of a casual cuber, but I enjoy listening to the Beatles when I'm doing it
Nothing EXTREMELY weird about that though.
We never need him, he's a partisan hack
Same here, I'm getting annoyed
Leaving Las Vegas?
Yeah but he sucks
There might be children on here
Something is severely wrong with Caveira's left boob
Me too, thanks
&lt; 3 you a wavy dude.
Yeah - remival that is situational and completely useless in some matchups is exactly what ControlPriest needed
Lol u only got econ 101?
Nope, Nov 5th stuff is pure BS...............
Their mice?
The problem with the BCS was the lack of transparency in the computer polls.
Queue the sprinklers!
Don't bother with him, brother.
I tried them on in store, they are TTS
Quick, r/politics, bastion of free speech and informed objective opinion, tell me why this is bad!
I see nothing wrong with that.
To top 2016.
My next door neighbour has a little girl like this, asks a shit ton of questions, Me and my SO ask them back to her and said we are annoying haha
Trump has more chances of becoming the next president of Mexico than winning in California
You clearly didn't get it.
That's his twin brother.
Pathetic.
They aren't, they're 14-15 unfortunately.
Windows only has fucking Minesweeper...
Yeah, burn lefty safe spaces, and replace them with right-wing safe spaces...
lol but that boat actually needs a purpose xD
It's because he's tested positive for everything, all those various diseases are creating a chemical reaction that keeps him perpetually intoxicated.
Jpp, Danielle hunter etc
There's a lot of why ask questions in this world witg very few answers that actually makes sense.. but what it comes down to is narcissism or ego.
delicious, thanks for sharing.
yes ladies and gentlemen
First time to the Lighthouse is always great.
That, and it means you don't need the mirror to be as long to be useful for both tall and short customers.
It's so difficult giving tickets, it's only natural they start fucking with the underprivileged
you are never going to fail
a man needs a name!
No one can miss hits and give enemy more press turns and lots of smirks, causing you to die and pay play coins to revive if you weren't the type of person who didn't save right before the boss battle like Walter.
Now that is a fun fact!
Just look around, youll find more on it
Someone wasn't around teen girls ever
Nice deal!
There should be an option to not allow spectators
There's no calling out of bullshit.
How about something like Windows Hello?
The EBS.
Try it as a SA in 4U, where the rapid chops actually meant something.
Op is a vikingboo
to stop team stacking in casual, if you want that go play on skial or something
I remember having to try to work out which texts were important enough to stay and which had to be deleted to get more.. Ahh the old days.
Gee, I sure am glad this didn't have any sound.
ITT: mmmhmmmm
I don't really care about the circumstances, but I always enjoy seeing super cars getting beaten by "*normal* cars"
You mean a uti
I got pretty good mileage out of the strange-looking quote... "precious bodily fluids. "
He's been walking around the Buffalo tailgates too much.
developers note said the rewards wont give a significant advantage so probably nothing more than bragging rights like toa finish lists
God's Spoken Word Minionstries
We don't really know *for sure* that it's the first time they've slept together....
The term 'nuclear option' can be used to describe the most extreme response to a situation, which are most likely the circumstances in which such a weapon would be used.
just wow
At such a early Date?
Or just derail some trains, which is comically easy to do with only a few tools and some elbow grease.
Men are fucking disgusting.
Pure Narcissism.
Minimum.
There are so many variants of this story, all of which end in a broken phone.
Finishing too soo
OP buys from Aliexpress, they can't be too smart :(
Replace the word 'nudist' with 'white' and that situation sounds racist as fuck.
This is cute, but r/titlegore
Inferno + Skarmy/Guards + MM would just toy with that combo
Man like.
Soros is likely teaching Clinton his rejuvenation methods to avoid this issue
her timing was purely coincidental
You forget that redditers are rational patient understandable people.
Only if we can push the wagon off a cliff afterwards.
Pretty much everything that he failed on last year he has turned around.
Judo chop!
Crowds like this put Aerosmith and Springsteen to shame.
Humans are made of meat too, but I don't eat them.
The bots in r/the_meltdown are likely the same bots being used in r/politics to down vote and mock Stein, Sanders, Johnson, and Trump.
Shove it buddy.
There she stood in the doorway; I heard the mission bell And I was thinking to myself, "This could be Heaven or this could be Hell"
Swat team would be nice.
r/CatholicChurch
Of course he was.
But doctors are paid by big pharma to make us spend money on bike helmets.
You got: LA3 Desperado Not bad, not bad
I didn't learn much about the oppression Italians faced either
Ultra boosts obv
I'd say legit, the shape is right and I don't know any rep seller who's giving out foot action receipts
M56
Yep, this is the one.
nah, keep as is
Other than carding, which is pretty fucking strict in the city, Chicago is a great place for concerts.
id just search on youtube with his and tucks name
Why don't you start off by giving your thoughts on the subject?
Best color.
I'm pretty sure if you don't have a passport it's more domestic than foreign ;P
Can confirm, about 2 second later a little grey paw came out to swipe at me.
Fair enough, I don't really want to drop $120 right now.. But at the same time I love this game so fucking much it's hard to resist.
You can watch your thoughts and choose how you respond to them.
Rumentado, Tado for short
Accurate analogy with the phones
That's a bad analogy, wet puppies are cute and sympathetic.
That's debatable
That's per server, there's three of them.
Mike Leech would add that complacent student-athletes often listen to their chubby little girlfriends more than their coaches
Couldn't be more true
Right man, so dissapointed there's no Dota 3 yet.
I've only seen 0 of these
Send to the police and the FBI.
On the contrary to everyone here, I'm actually hyped for Christmas.
As a Formula 1 fan this is all Ronspeak
Technically, wouldn't it be L'incline?
His family's staying, so that's gonna suck if so
Best prepared guest yet.
I'm from Indiana too (st joseph county) but I don't live there anymore :( Can I still be part of the club?
CM?
Or 4000!
Look pretty burnt.
Its the Russians!
The ones who do, live in those states like NY and CA that get less influence
Also relevant is the story of Old 666, a B17 which went on a solo mission and was rigged to the brim with extra machine guns including a mounted modified forward firing one.
Gotta look like I'm payin my child support
The Transpacific Partnership is a trade agreement with 12 countries for countries on the pacific rim, the problems it carries for countries involved in the TPP is that it may rewrite international laws on it's enforcement because of how influential it is, they also threaten international Intellectual property laws
Interesting points, but the risks of spurious rape claims I think are low enough that it is not in anyway justifiable to make victims of rape carry the baby.
if water goes into water the water just keeps going to the ground di'dnt ya know?
Cuz thats gay duh
Every freaking time something weird goes on with an animal- stripes like this, eating parts of it to get boners or see the future, deep fry them live and get them to the plate still breathing- it's China.
I feel like you can fuck, turn up or have feels for all 3, although Frank and Miguel do have significantly less turn up stuff
Something something Dwight has 12 kids
IT WAS I, DIO!
Main difference between the US and the rest of the Western world is summed up by the title and these comments.
I have dominus GT and different wheels and crates for heatwave
Too bad it's volunteers from schools and charities that do the BBQs, so no dice.
Yes, but it goes in the other direction for you!
Alea iacta est my friend we can't change the hand we've been given.
Ye boi
Yep, my guy charges $60 for a visit and during peak growing season comes by every 10 days.
I assume he is referring to the perceived inability of your mid field player with 85 in short passing to pass to a player right next to him at some points... Stuff like that where it's about the handling of your players as opposed to the strength of the other teams players
And so he pays for that mistake.
I think that just means they're not very good at taking photos.
Had to check post history to see if
To answer your question, Summoning Jutsu is a space-time ninjutsu.
They even made a few jokes about the DNC making it difficult for younger Sanders supporters to reach the polls in the primaries back in Russell Crowe's episode last season.
Waaaaaaaa... Wtf...?
No no no, to be precise, there *is* an answer, but it's spread over a dozen item descriptions plus several clever deductions, in the most random places of the game.
In that case, don't do it ;-)
There's a download button in swipe mode.
You're in for a ride, 2 is really fun
Exempt
Even in correct orientation, a fire flood would be positively terrifying.
I bite my thumb sir, but I do not bite my thumb at *you*... sir.
In Putin Russia, the law breaks you.
She had parts of JFK's brain on her clothing, that was the biggest challenge to wash it off.
bless you for getting it.
I hope we get hawaiian shaved ice Vanillite family then.
No, they said vote *responsibly*.
Must be hard living life being so damn tall
Is that the really high bridge over 279?
It would be racist not to?
the north american player?
That and because of the gas pipeline that the was wants to build through Syria from the caspian sea, so that Europe can get rid of the Russian monopoly.
*Grips retired Moto X* *sheds tear*
I guess OJ didn't kill his wife either.
Can't wait to steal rubick's last used spell.
Source on philly?
As a man with a really f'ed up sleep schedule some days, I've learned to accept not everyone's going to have all the time in the world to do what they like and see who they want.
Oh shit!
PM TRAIN
The eye can't see faster than 24fps anyways though so what does it matter
OP, nerf pls!
It really never is
Out of curiosity, how many feet from ground to the very top?
Sounds like time to convert one of my many AA Plats to a Sears Citi card.
So basically you win by getting a lot more points, and your company pays the cost with an additional $200 for the ticket?
I think even just automatic registration would do a lot of good but the Republicans for some reason don't like it when more people vote.
There is no reason to believe that your son would have the same problem as you considering that issues relating to foreskin are not common.
Id rather have Rashford
Everything was better back when we used practical effects.
RIP VIPER :(((((
Have you asked WebMD?
you can make your own textures as well
It transforms you into the very thing you hate
Ah, don't know how I managed to overlook that.
It's not overpowered in a class that has no draw, since you really need individual cards to have lots of value otherwise you can't expect to draw anything else do you?
I feel scolded :(
Why have historical and scientific accuracy when you can have transphobia instead?
Every pizza is a personal pizza if you believe in yourself.
He's mostly muscle but has the stubborn piece of belly fat that haunts many of us who have cut to look a little better.
You dropped this
I was raiding on VoA and posting videos of our boss kills made me a shill...
Revert to VAB
AAAAAA-eeey it's still here
me too thanks
Do you know where you are?
yeah, he could pull off a puppet and release 6 of his tracks, assuming that it's a 7 track EP
Its actually exactly the same as other seasons and tomorrow will be a huge player massacre aswell..
As he talks about killing someone over that exact same thing... Yeah I don't think so.
I didn't see the Arizona game so I didn't know how that game went.
Yeah, once you get the *expensive* two iron to make shears.
Yeah, hubby was soooooo fun to be around for about 2 wks.
Yup winning by millions of votes is totally cheating.
Whats aleppo?
Attention seeking SJWs?
You beat me to this
Buzz cut and shave the mustache and you're good.
The most pointless useless thing they could have possibly spent their time doing.
no one would
We shall see...
Your title suggests they didn't remove it but your joke about it now being unplayable suggests they did remove it, which is it?
Ahh you got me.
Very creative \^.^
This girl fucks
Sure thing chicken pal
How do you get dusty engrams?
I know this as that movie I wanted to rent as a kid because it had a cartoon cat on it and my dad wouldn't let me.
Now that's what I call constructive criticism
Gordon being out helps
You skipped posting number 5
Specifically the dog and flower crown filters
You are going to send so many mixed signals.
Don't throw your logic at him!
He's okay but he died
Make sure to post it on here when it's done!
I hate to be a negative Nancy right now but REMINDER: It would be 15 - 20 right now if Harbaugh could just stop going for it on 4th **when we don't have to**
That's crazy, yo
Wow Williams is a first round LB I didn't know!
Reason #349 not to treat PayPal like a bank.
Whacks off?
If a proof were written in a theorem-proving language like Coq or Agda, and it successfully compiled, would it need independent verification?
Don't
Janna:You should all be demoted to wood 5
That was just the RAMSCAM angle.
I didn't place at the tournament I went to.
.... that is Stan though.
What is the significance of the widow lady?
I bet he has 2" of sidewall and 20" wheels.
WHAT HAPPENED TO THE ELEMENT OF SURPRISE?
shout out zeds dead
What?
All 3 our specs aren't the best DPS in every situation, so we must be nerfed to shit and bad obviously.
That would be a cookbook German lunch
NFL unsure why ratings are down....
Colorado early vote 10/27 update: Good news for Reps: reg Dem +5.1 today, was +6.1 y'day Bad news: 3,581 more Dem returns, lead now +28,832
Gobble Munch Poppers
5,000 points in 4 categories is 20,000
That looks like pissed off old cookie monster
There are sweet pretzels?
It was distributed by 20th century and produced by marvel, who is owned by disney
Perhaps make a player model designed to stretch into other models.
Yoda
That guy clearly must be an industrial terrorist
It's new to me and I had not seen it noted anywhere so I thought I'd ~~let people know.~~ reap that sweet karma!
"manual"
sure - for n girls, just approach n-1
25GP
Green if he plays, Fitz because its a great matchup, and Mitchell because hes Toms new favorite toy
Well he "retired" and Roush didn't leave room for him, my guess is they didn't expect him to come back to racing
Okay
Of course not
But but he throws deep!
This is sad..
*shivers*
Why is it always the ugly bitches that think they deserve the best type of man society has to offer?
Enjoy getting royally fucked for the next 4 years.
Ship or get off the pot.
Milhouse will never be a meme is a meme.
10 years, 10,000,000 documents, 0 corrections.
He grew 2 inches from when he was a free agent
It worked when Wentz was in college it must work in the NFL!
Buy an FM transmitter and put music on your phone.
Lol yeah that will sort the place out!
A library could be construed as socialist not because it's government operated, but because it acts as a place for collective ownership of property in the form of books.
A trailer is a chicks head has popping out of the egg, it could change but we have a good idea of what it is.
We saw the big changes that happened in officiating after they admitted they fucked up 16 in the Packers game...
Comey, not credible.
Well you are playing a guitar sooo....
She'd be retired from Westworld for sure (thank god, because no one would want anything to do with her)
My own low self-esteem does not allow me to converse with anyone.
Top notch reporting from the leftist mass media and wikipedia.
Not if her kid is cock-blocking you all the time.
I thought akroyds nixon was pretty good.
yeah but are you GE?
How so, may i ask?
Me too.
I really like Cousins so I don't care
He's not used to losing
Then it might be the last one
Not loud at all
So you disagree with Sanders?
They were around longer then that, I remember them from elementary school, which was like 2005 for me
Especially as he lived with his parents til recently.. I somehow doubt he was paying rent.
So...(ass)crack?
No, it makes you a reposter
there would be way too many union jobs lost for that to happen, but it makes a great selling point even if it is a big lie
Straight gin Yum
You don't shoot much or at all do you?
he is freddy now
Damn bro got any more sick mma tips
They do all the time in the movies.
He changed the apple and the book individually and neither of those are alive, I think he could reverse quicksilver back without changing the world around them
85,000,000 people who own inanimate objects would quickly veto that.
dude its a metaphor
I am so over Nigel Hayes.
DICE doesn't acknowledge anything other than pure ass-kissing.
Look at change log pls
ideas are unlimited, reality isn't
And by posting this speculation on Reddit, you've blown the operation out of the water because all Jihadis use Reddit...
Good to see hes wearing the proper safety gear
2 c1 crates, 1 c2 crate and red tunica or black sunbursts :)
Some say he was born with it.
But only on luxury and sports cars...
You do realize that if I had a nickel for everyone who's already said that I still wouldn't have enough money to convince me any of you are climatologists with more information than what's already out there, right?
Leafs are so *mainstream*
separate minded homo sapiens
if wifi becomes dangerous i'd sell myself to medical science to test the dangers, as long as it's fast and they pay for everything.
# # ThanksObama
"This egg is not available in your country."
Wow, I am loving that mudskipper Vaporeon.
Yup, a small amount of alcohol helps, but anything more than a shot or beer and I'm socially handicapped on a new level
Theo bought the WS title!
This should be made a rule of the sub, any leak MUST contain the direct link to the source.
I really want to see a small cameo of the Heisters sitting in the Continental at a table discussing their next score, or something small akin to that in the background.
That's... not how it works...
I wouldn't know, but I would advise you build up a fleet that can smash theirs so that they can't get to your provinces.
It already has in Maine...?
Sin Cara beat Jericho, Jericho beat Goldberg, Goldberg beat Lesnar, so that means Sin Cara can beats Lesnar.
I think the "all" part there sorta precludes that.
And if there's Rocket, there's gotta be Groot.
I haven't played in a while, but I think you can mark them for deletion and pause the work.
Ugh, now there's crumbs everywhere
If L-arginine metabolizes to agmatine, would taking the L-arginine still help with tolerance, effect, etc?
Now travelling to:.. Gibraltar.
I dont remember, it was a long time ago when I looked at that stuff, I wouldnt know where to start
At least she's not cheating!
Only Americans on Reddit, right?
damn, can i post this tomorrow?
Agreed
ID on the AM 95s?
i agree they should switch that shit up at some point and let him actually run the play, its gotten too predictable also TT is too smooth, EJ could have been a drill sergeant easily
Soylent avocado are PEOPLE.
She doesn't actually *sing* it, unfortunately.
Downvote me all you want, scrub, right back at you.
"Yes of course, and I am always open to hear about new opportunities."
Not a nasty woman.
I want a three pack of gotenks, goten, and kid trunks
The salt has been overflowing in other team's subreddits
Make Echo proud!
It looks like Sunday is the best time so maybe we should all figure out WTF to do/where to go.
Yeah it doesn't help me because no lightbomb xD
Dicks out
Is my homework don- GOD NO!
Thank you!
Thats awesome!
Coffee immunity sounds like a pretty sweet ability to be honest.
Cooking in the microwave makes your food radioactive.
Just a friendly reminder that u should [do something a crazy person might do that also sounds vaguely progressive].
How do the cheaper fixed blades (Mora, Buck) compare to the higher end ones (Bradford, Cold Steel, Esee)
I don't even use gold anymore.
You sound like me, except sub in 2001: A Space Odyssey and sophomore year (which was, coincidentally, in 2001).
data assumed she wins 70% anyway
how do i find my ground team?
Oh, you got him!
Hey that's me
Booker salt here.
It's already *possible* - if we had a third of the country vote in early voting, and 70% of those voters were registered Democrats and 30% were registered Republicans, you would easily be able to call the election for the Democrats at that point.
The thing is they feel the exact same way about Hillary voters and the crazy amount of corruption that keeps coming out in the emails.
My favorite sign there recently was ANIMALS CAN CROSS THE STREET QUICKLY, WHY NOT HUMANS?
Well, I'll have someone get right on that.
I like Eddie Bauer :(
Auston Matthews leads the NHL in goals and points, as we all expected
As much as i disagree with her saying this, I couldn't agree more with your statement.
Any key that is bound to the mouse is bugging out like crazy, here are a list of functions that are bugging out when bound to the mouse: * Sprint * Reload * Debug for planes
Una Cum Michael
New motto: Less is more?
5 guy behind the inventory doesn't have one
Lul
phenom15balla lmao
HAHAHAHAHAHA, the 5Ds reference
I pre-ordered 2k17 for the 92 dream team and the free snapback, i feel dirty right now
They also had a horrific pose which was thankfully removed.
I think the poster understands that; was simply implying the register does have some issues with editing or quality.
Scarlett Johanson.
Because, who doesn't love a support nightmare?
I got sacked from my job at the watch factory because I kept forgetting to put in some of the really important bits.
That was pretty cool, good stuff :)
All hail Fox news, the source of all unbiased journalism
You are clearly well informed about german politics
Did they actually roll that shit out after the backlash?
^^^subject ^^^to ^^^skin ^^^colour
The Starco Army is the Strongest
Ministers become corrupted due to low pay
All you need is another 5 years to vote them out
thx rusty (and all other devs), great work.
Also Doug Polk streaming the same tournament, no hole cards but also not a bad reg.
ok the sarcasm is obvious in that one
I think it might be rigged against the Jews
And Obama is a Muslim
I think roughly same as last year would be good considering we benefited from injuries to key competitors and didn't face many ourselves.
fuck off to woolwich with your politeness, scum
Because fuck the ARG
"WHICH MOUSE AM I, FRANK?!"
looking forward to it
No part of this situation required a police officer.
I know you're probably not a Rift expert, but could being the Spark Runner somewhat tank a Bladedancer cutting into them?
Piggybacking on the attention.
To me, he's been dead for centuries...
I'm glad you understand the point I'm making :)
I would lower your sensitivity, but if you really dont want to do that, all it takes is practice to get the muscle memory right.
I like your taco on this topic!
No you don't get it, you're free just don't say me things.
Care to expand on your frustrations?
That's racist.
They sell large k cups I think called k carafes.
they need to hire a turkish oil coach
You realize that .223 and 5.56 are damn near interchangeable, and that headspacing is just about the only thing that makes a difference between the two?
no.
Yeah that's what I'll try to do aswell :)
Enjoy mythic boss farming :) EDIT : Seriously though report it if not already done
Nice one!
Maybe she had the dirt on Clinton
Didn't get it to work via XB1 but from PC to Chromecast works if you're wanting to get a stream up onto the big screen.
Something must have gone wrong after WW2 as their uniforms were much cooler than any of the allies!
stupid typo, i am talking about the actual command
Collect $0.02*
But how good was his chub 'n tuck?
Elver Galarga
~~I was making a joke~~
Awesome photo
Well your are someone from the Internet, I don't always hold many of you to a high standard.
Agreed this is pure gold.
Ohhhh I 'member
Everybody's got a water buffalo
You'd also have to know what Ex Lax is
If you put a butter up piece of toast on a cats back and throw it out of a two story window you're an asshole.
I don't consider 47% a majority.
coconut oil is a popular one too.
North Korea
He said it's the only proper "response" to terrorism, so I assume he's talking about what we should with respect to a particular attack (or attempted attack) that has taken place.
Does Google even show .onion links?
my bad, i didn't notice both comments were yours
Source on the 10mph?
You know the prototype SpaceX Mars craft is under construction right now?
y'all have too much time on your hands LUL.
Wooooow
Since when does "plays" make you a better player?
ah
I thought you'd understand the phrase because it means you're looking at the same facts but see them differently.
BECAUSE 'MURICA IS ALL THAT MATTERS
about goddam time lol
Thorin and Travis interviews are better
Pretty sure "stop" is everyone's default safe-word.
Perfect for this sub than
I don't understand this, can someone ELI5?
Because Collins is supposed to single handedly make our defense unbeatable after one week of practice
Lockett to the rescue?
Hating trans people is the new politically correct.
How else will we feel superior if not by our amazing taste in phones?
mr monstrata
Checkmate, vatan haini.
Omni's are so sensitive
I don't know all the ins and outs of soccer.
I'd invest, or create a new step ladder company and be rich.
Too confusing for new players
If you still believe that Pagano shouldn't be fired get the fuck off this subreddit.
Would your house be considered personal property to you but private property to your landlord?
Navarro Bowman and ex 49er Frank Gore.
Most airspace is Class E, which is controlled, with Class G underlying at 1200agl or 700agl.
Get faster Internet?
How dare they enforce the law.
The riff is literally Shadow Moses from Sempiternal
You must have missed the passage where Jesus bashes a disciple for using an unsecured email server.
I don't think he likes playing on that team much.
Ok so this is already a better story than the last movie
mawp
No, the best part is that people said this would happen the last time.
Oh dude, imagine something Lost Planet 2 style but Titanfall.
Actually that would be Woodbro Chillson.
I mean i have like 250 or 300 times this year so its not crazy
It's too bad Kobe didn't stick around for another year to be a part of this great camaraderie, the team would be even better...
Note to the press: **This** is what a quid pro quo looks like.
"They thought I was you" as in the ghost children thought Mike was William, which is how he ended up in SpringTrap.
Found the monarchist.
Ah My bad
I better vote Hillary because I hear she really works well with the Russians.
just look at those dumb-ass establishment-shilled aristocrats
I remember watching X-Files when i was a kid scared shitless and that soundtrack brings back the fright :(
Ve haff ways of making you ~~talk~~ help our space program.
lol TCwho?
Wow he's really draining that swamp huh?
yh subtitute you with red
Holy shit that music is annoying.
Bugs Bunny?
It's not over
Ah, but shouldn't the "real" person in the middle be holding a controller as well?
I only scrap stuff when I already have it in my inventory.
Maaaaaaan why aren't they coming to Englanddddd D':
Like all the women in my life
All I know is that I wouldn't want to be tunnel-brothers with Derrick.
"Edgy"
Pretty sure she's still "in the sheets" on the street.
DLC5 Confirmed
...eventually
jup, pretty much.
Technisch gezien zijn die knapperige knapen er twee
Volgens duitsland gaf scandinavie meer weerstand.
ouch
Ops :)
Darn, there goes my hope of a superhuman version of me.
Afaik shaper does no phys damage
BICMAN!
I mean, if you force insurers to cover pre-existing conditions without the mandate, why even have insurance until you get sick?
actually a number of the documents released as part of the Clinton emails were in fact forged or altered, whether by WikiLeaks or the person or persons who supplied them, is unknown.
The "it should've been me" scene from *Stand By Me*.
Contracts of love A.K.A the traditional marriage model
As in "I don't know where the enemy is, so let me spam the entire building?"
God chose Ted Cruz, so I think Ted Cruz still has a chance.
Why wouldn't it be?
It's called a shitpost and
Maybe a CTR shill?
I love Majora's Mask.
Potions seller, I am going to battle and i need only your strongest potions.
Hey, it's fine as long as it's **me** at the top.
Just don't miss a payment, or you'll have to deal with repo.
They better get a JJL stand named after them
I mean putting a load of pale people into a desert seems pretty good right
Congrats man!
If the W1 is intended to improve connectivity, then yes.
He lost mid to PawN in a series that would have auto qualified SKT to worlds in season 4.
I wonder how Harry Style's performance is going to be in this.
Neither does AP really, definitely not worth our best lineman
My great aunt has been dead for 2 years and gets mail from the Trump campaign
bc they play for tottenham
Wait, but my username has 538, so am I Illuminati?
When did we start talking about Josh Gordon in this thread?
What do you have against social workers?
Oh, oops
What about those short guys with all of the amazing tech?
But Ranger?
The Army itself was kinda anahilated by the end of the war and the country was experiencing food and manpower shortages, but the same was true for France and Britan.
What Are Next?
Some of the top comments are anti-Clinton, but don't stop a guy from letting his narrative inform his perception of reality.
Throwing my name in the hat for Shitposting Ambassador.
Holy shit, Ekko ult strat 2.0
Man sounds awesome, I really want a night mode, then my eyes won't die everyday.
Who needs friends when you have r/ff
Gronk
This season is all about late game and having a strong early game solo laner is no where near as valuable as having a late game team fight solo laner on a pro competitive level.
Mom's spaghetti all over her forhead
Maximum hype!
Welcome to how female names in America generally work.
BACK ON THE CHART BOYS, WOOOHOOO!
It was a remake, but it also made homage to the midnight-movie cult status by dispersing scenes of a theater audience throughout.
If she was a real fan she's rip her arm off and plant a flower there instead!
r/dankmemes
I love it when racist jimmies get rustled.
Miranzo
Because Wizards have enough trouble handling relatively sane modern fashion, imagine them trying to figure out Mod fashion!
Yeah no
I don't hear what you're hearing.
You don't talk about Miss Cleo like that, whore!
he's also very open minded!
I did, its puppy love, dont be mean to the faglings
Street memes is my new term for graffiti, thank you comrade.
You seem to think I'm weighing in on the conversation, I'm not, I know nothing about Cuba and don't claim to.
Yea, I agree clearly bias has been committed.
Dead people.
"He couldn't see through his white male privelage and this is the consequence for it" -Salon/CNN/MSNBC/Facebook
If only.
jesus celtics are so overhyped everywhere
It's a sick ass meme.
I see the reference
lol I like how T_D folks love government institutions when they fit their narrative but otherwise shrug them off.
I hope someone knocks Pearson out for the season, let's see his smirk then.
bi
It's a reference to a popular copypasta based on those FB forwards--I can't remember exactly how it goes, but that's the gist of it.
Pretty sure he was fucking with you.
Maybe they watch it together and don't think to delete it.
To be fair, they don't give a fuck about anyone
The ashtray of history?
I love how there is a passive buff that gives you 25% leech and DS damage increase but you mostly will never utilise it because the shield disappear almost instantly.
Determined to save their family, the daughter must join the Yakuza...
No you are!
The narwals bacon at midnight
Hearthstone
First chance I had to get out of town for the weekend and went down to the ozarks, was great to finally get out and was really happy my twin fit in the back with the seats down, makes it really easy to pack up and take off on a dewy morning :)
You didn't seem to mind wasting your time when you talked at me, called my judgment into question, and suggested I was trying to trick you somehow by wanting you to answer my questions, but you're welcome anyways.
It's okay, her life is worth more than yours.
Were you afraid of Mighty Mouse?
As much as I want to see Shelby go as far as possible, I'd be okay with any F3 in which one of Morgan or Shelby wins (which I think Morgan could def win in that scenario).
Saw the pilot and remember being sad for Drea De Matteo that she went from the Sopranos to Joey so immediately.
The lead up made me expect an aha moment.
Plus, the Australians used it in Vietnam.
Unbiased eggs
Video games are worth anything.
What kind of low effort shi---- #IT'S A PENIS!
Please tell me we are not taking Roger Stone seriously
$$$$
r/the_kanye
Your head would look good on a pole (WAR)
Danielle and Jason being salty most of the day.
Yeah I think Kryssie will get more support, Jason is already on the radar of at least Shelby and Alex, so it's not like we have to put him up for him to have any chance of ever going out.
As a general rule houses are better investments if you are looking for capital appreciation while apartments provide higher rental returns.
Now I'm wondering what the 'weakest' would be
Where do you think the majority of Jagex's money comes from?
I still have my Palm IIIxe.
Bu Bu But.... Snopes said it was a joke!
Well they should.
Why couldn't we get these refs for our game smh
You go to canes for chicken strips and chick-fil-a for sandwiches
A month ago, and it was a lemon :)
I don't know, sounds like he may be too *euphoric* for us lesser beings
instead of killing the B.O.W's he secretly absorbs their muscle mass.
My Nightmare run just got a lot easier
no u
You work with Micheal Scott?
Any idea why it's blocked?
It's gonna blow people's minds if it turns out to not even be SA's blood.
kill yourself
LPT: Selfies are constitutionally protected, sell your vote for a case of beer!
Face palm
but they just didnt have the funding to keep them open later
2- once on Au soil can we "return" people that think rape is ok?
Where is this mythical woman who will drop an argument?
Personally I am not a fan of the frequent design change on helmets, it starts to become kind of gimmicky
Nah some street lights in my area all turn on at the same time, so there must be a set time/one main sensor.
Humpty dumpty.
Mera Desh!
it's like the difference between coke and crack.
Better bring in poor unskilled minorities from overseas instead.
Unless this confrontation is with the Kuznetsov battlegroup over Idlib and Aleppo, I literally have no idea why.
How will you know that to give this command to a drone requires that you have an active target?
But muh circlejerk
Wow...
TIL People date one another to leech money off the other party...
No, the government guarantees deposits.
Have you found any note 7 at the site
Finally legal
At least he's paying them
Very young playerbase, internet whining culture.
Live Wire - Motley Crue.
I've never been stone either but I feel like that would ramp up my sugar addiction quite a bit.
Then it would need a different typing, so not live in a volcano.
Twitter still down for me, will see later
Most economist don't realize economics is a subsystem of a physical system.
found al-qaeda
Actually he took the screen with prtscr, but he couldn't find the [_] key to send the picture.
You could try a 100 set of just going out and saying hi to random people
TFW I wish I had your graphics
You are correct, benefits Britain: life on the dole.
And how commercialized it's turned already.
Well you do look as tho you could be related... I woulda believed you.
I thought they already did that after their meeting this morning, but you're probably right.
Who would change Weber for Subban?
Tree branches effectively are fractals
The power of "sorry" ;)
Woohoo.
A bigger and scarier Vanduul fleet... it's Vanduul fleets all the way down.
today
Third panel should also include China, Japan and India amongst the aggrieved concerning stolen art.
The liberal illuminati is trying to silence me.
SS: You lost, don't ever call us again you loser and you can forget about being friends on Facebook.
Yeah, I mean, "let the states decide" is just code for "allow douchebags to be douchebags"
Struggling to keep to a narrative?
"I left a fresh Tim's there in the holder for ya' buddy, I'm sorry if you don't like double-doubles eh?"
I think anything where you add "...and watch TV at the same time" would be considered American.
Pre '92, TSIO used to always be on that day.
Scenes when James gets put in there and kills it as a DM
I think it'd be interesting to see what life was like for Greg before he went off in his van.
Wait are you 6?
What's the reference?
L o c k h i m
Rick &amp; Morty has gotten old, despite being only two seasons
Try taking a look at r/aww and you'll find your answer
this is true so its either that or the hordes of cats living in my house tbh who even knows boys are so mysterious
I wish that Nainggolan could be moved back with Strootman or De Rossi and Gerson could be the attacking midfielder.
Bonerific!
i like you!
Do you believe best-of lists are an unbiased and objective measure of merit?
Thank you!
Someone add a Brazzers logo.
Can't wait for everyone to use Thompson
That doesn't make it better.
Packer or catering hall?
Brace yourselves, civil war is coming and the Bundy family will be generals in it.
I think you're thinking of his iPad Pro
Then lose them within 2 hours
Don't go into the wilderness if you aren't prepared to die.
Just another anorexic junkie chic whore
Oh yes, "vote".
Bashing someone's ideas without providing reasoning or alternatives is always welcomed
Get real, this is Reddit...
Das ist eine ganz schlechte Entwicklung, ich hoffe dass sich das nicht weiter ausbreitet.
I feel like every offseason the two top stories every day are "Saints WAAAAAAAY The Fuck Over The Cap" and "Saints Sign Coby Fleener for WAAAAAAAY Too Much"
Yes, that's what the "P" stands for.
You hope that some holey intervention happens that make's Trump lose and Cliton win?
She should call her friends at HuffPost, The Slate, and The Salon and tell them to knock it off then.
He's either on his way to see or from seeing Rick and the guys at Gold and Silver.
Yea, I'd buy one.
It seems so long ago, but remember being relieved Cruz didn't win the primary?
Gasoline.
But then you'd be in poverty
Very cool.
Seriously how did that roo get up there?
His civics teacher was Alex Jones.
Use s church key?
Goddamn ruthless, lmao.
I like it when a car stops to let you cross (or to let another car make a left) but there's two lanes of traffic going in the same direction and the car in the other lane is oblivious to the fact that car #1 just waved you through.
Ugh?
Why can't we leave again then
As always, anything that doesn't fit with the narrative immediately becomes a fabrication, never mind thay the whole story of the verse in question doesn't make sense without it.
She isnt losing any though
so that's how Spare does it!
It takes a lot to make a stew...
...and this bill was intended as a compromise to prevent the Senate from approving a proposed constitutional amendment which would have made a total ban legal.
Also in Washington.
No so silent anymore thanks to 343
We just need to get Malcolm X up to this speeds and the energy crises will be resolved.
The Bengals lost yesterday because of their kicker :)
I like it.
When you grenade yourself.
As a person who competes with a Turkish Business owner, I am seriously debating buying a Kurdish flag and hanging it in front of my store, just to piss him off.
Playing roguelikes is a great way to train yourself out of this habit.
Where did you get 512GB for 169$?
Did he pick the Jets over the Pat's?
Hack the planet is also a voice line
"Do you enjoy hurting others?"
join a competitive league
Weird I thought he was shorter, could've googled but I'm running around right now heh.. if you refer to my edit tho I did say that he's taller than I thought and noted Wilson is 5'11, but it's funny to even try to compare a WR playing QB to anyone who actually is a QB, it's almost insulting lol
With your sarcasm, you'll fit right in here.
Perk Bottle
Exactly.
I wonder if anyone has analyzed what the election results would be if we did this....
not surprised that you are literally insulting me, clearly im literally winning this argument
LET THE WALLETS BURN
Just keeping an eye out for voter fraud
cavera
Why does that guy have a VHS cameral lmaooooo
Because if anyone found out, sales would drop
If Neanderthals were smarter I think we would have been the ones to die out
What jogger was that?
Even if they pass the grandparent rule?
SOPHIA HYPE Man you got some good levels this time out and that Wade is scary good, can't wait to see him one shot pegs in Ilia How much cash did you earn from the arena?
Is he also a closet homosexual in PA?
Because Spanish colonies are flourishing
Thanks :) going to have a new smoke video out tomorrow for cache with some interesting throws I found if you wanna check back tomorrow :)
So...what you're telling me is that white people are impatient?
they might even have a *dual*!
Uvic.
He has terrible peenmanship.
care to bet gold on that?
H2H Weekly (Updated Daily) 13 Player 5 Bench Category
I wonder if we will call it the "Roaring 20's" :) Probably will be called the "Collapsing 20's"
I could before
I can hear his laugh
The worst part is that anytime there's a pedo in the news...."see, stupid sheeple, pizzagators Israel!"
Elvishlegion#1758 Alliance anvilmar Horde zuljin/a52 usually tank sometimes dps always down to help out
You do that and jugg stops attacking between slashes
I can't believe you've been down voted by this..... Nonsense....
If Golden State somehow doesn't win it all this year Durant may just opt out and retire
Yes, that is exactly what we saw with the Scott Foval gang, eh?
just watch any MLB game
Any news about sun?
That's when the Acts switch over.
No Mans Sky
The hot chick?
I mean, moving is *so inconvenient*.
You've just caused the next school shooter you asshole
A user who can still make posts/comments, but the post/comment will only show up for them
the truck is absolute complete garbage now.
Sure thing, both great power plants.
LOL get to work on this fellow memexperts
This would be perfect!
I think you mean A-wall is still bugged
Police are known to hate Trump
Ohio: Conservatives with Dignity
We have the worst generation..
That is some sweet sweet justice
She'd better come back with a full length porno or she can get banned
Rush was probably trying to polish GW's image.
And, for once in Trump's campaign, the facts actually aren't the issue here.
yeah, there's about 12 posts of this exact joke in the last few hours....including 1 just a few minutes before yours
Now they are back where they use to be...the same will happen to Samsung.
you should replace all these 5 cost cards with 6 costs to make the deck heavier, I'd say replacing the bomb tower with pump and inferno with 3M (if you have it)
What a horrible gif
Yankees employee confirmed.
We did it Reddit!
Separate maps wouldn't flow smoothly for dlc4
And even better, they'll be coming from @POTUS instead of @realCheetoMussolini!
What does she bring to the table, though?
SD821 0 dropped frames, Pixel or nothing
Could have used the Wingardium Leviosa spell.
I always thought it was more the FSM than The Lord of Light.
I picked up Eli
"Fooking reddit man"
:\ I have a copy of Castle Crashers on Steam if you want that...
The Trump bubble is real.
Love me some doggos
But they are all secret Clinton voters
Designed by RazerTM
they auctioned off Rafael Bush's number?
Completely agreed
Yup, false and *completely* homosexual.
If they were Brits then wouldn't this be immediately obvious to him then?
Well, it could taste as rich, you would just have to boil down more milk.
Who besides maybe Marcus Brimage and Diego Brandao hasn't looked good sinced fighting Conor
Is that a fucking hot pepper for his mouth?
you're ruining the procession
Thats what i meant.
That's your answer to everything.
He can't help it, his mind is a giant spreadsheet.
We have different definitions of star.
The river fruit is great, vision one is great, explosion one is shit (basically a get out of jail card)
#Is My Vice President
Never watched it
a klondike bar
I'll check it out, thanks for the recommendation.
That's one solution, but there are other solutions, but I like yours
Happens when there's two whistles in the whole 3rd period.
Think of the hotel loyalty bonus points she's accruing
I see someone's watching TGT
It's Sunday, folks.
But it's so cleansing
Please repost in stickied ticket thread
Good luck, hope things work out for you!
Wew lad
I believe that's the rear bumper - or the plastic cover of the rear bumper.
Nah we just let it burn because it was ugly and needed to be rebuilt.
Wow, good one.
Do i look like your mother's pussy?
TRIGGERED
Koji Major?
He's great and all, don't get me wrong, but he's no Laine!
no, there's been other instances.
Nobody invited him
Man I love tinkle down economics!
I almost want to, but the bait is so obvious at this point.
I think OP meant to say Malia is supporting Obama with a Clinton hat when it's actually a Harvard hat.
\*audible facepalm of incredulity\*
I suppose you *could* make this up if you really wanted to, but why would you want to make it up when it's obviously happening all over the place?
19!
Now I can lag in all colours of the rainbow.
Nowhere I think capitalism is the end game and this is the best society can offer because life isn't fair so why try to make it more fair because it ISN'T FAIR *throws a chair*
Oh well, lesson learned I suppose!
Like he just don't care?
Yep, it is.
Even if they're not the best I promise they'll be better than ~~all~~no-seasons.
They could at least make it as great as safari on my Nexus 6P...
You middlegroundists are what's wrong with this country!
Jimmy Graham did the basket hoops once.
he said pretty soon too, maybe christmas release?
Oh but I'm voting for him because he tells it like it is.
Because no one expected her to win that state.
Up voted for the salt life stickers- they are literally everywhere
wat
Because modifiers on the nightfall are supposed to make it easier, not harder
THEY ARE BOTH TERRIBLE!
Nah it's pretty funny to us Anglo's.
get this to trump.
Yeah, 970 is still high end, its just beaten out by the 1080, 1070, 1060, 980, 980ti, and titans (on the nvidia side of things), but its a generation old, so people don't show that off anymore.
I am sorry you dealt with that I hope things are better for you now.
r/empiredidnothingwrong
I meant the intervention in the Libyan Civil War as a whole, but all the countries involved had their own names (US's was Odyssey Dawn, Canada's was Mobile, France's was Harmattan and the UK's was Ellamy).
Can confirm, it's a bit easier on mobile
That entire series is super dark.
Don't worry the DEA is busily banning other innocuous substances to replace Marijuana should it ever be legalized federally.
Most people use it as an up jump instead of its intended binding use, since it doesn't work on bosses
Wow, I'm surprised this is the first I've seen this comment
James
This sounds exciting, but is it legal to set up a foundation dedicated to this?
I don't think it's right to tax someone just because you disagree with the decisions their personal life choices.
I heard the visual novel is great but I like anime more, personally.
yet there's no star guardian morgana why is there only 2.5 good morgana skins base morgana gost bride morgana and baker morgana and baker morgana needs a bit of an update
this is Shrek.
#**PRESS BTFO**
My 1070 shits the bed hard using Vulkan in Doom That is 1440p on all nightmare between 80-100fps with OpenGL and 60-70 fps with Vulkan and sometimes in 50s
Smh kids these days aren't even alllowed to love their own mother
Well, Planned Parenthood did use the term "menstruator".
Sweet brah
waiting for soros order.
No no, *worse* than Hitler
Same.
It's never too soon.
report them, rules say you have to speak english
What are you yelping about?
Yep, and the show isn't that good anymore.
Global warming it's a Chinese hoax stop being an ignorant shit
I'm glad you're here to tell us what everyone would or wouldn't do.
What a mature response!
Speak for yourself... oh :/
Oh, I 'member.
It's like the big tobacco bullshit all over again.
Its calles peronismo, we have a lot of that in Argentina
Sometimes I wonder why Pinoy TV execs think that once-a-week, hour-long seasonal shows like in the US, Japan, and Korea are a bad thing.
Doesn't attack take at least 5 minutes on Anubis?
How about Anthony Weiner and Huma Abedin/Clinton?
I don't think we have what it takes to make him whole.
If you voted TV Party you're the reason Trump beat Clinton!
And here I am, sitting in my West Virginia home, alone, trying not to worry about home invaders.
Oh no sorry I forgot, we should bow down to the Democrats corporate donors and sing the praises of the TPP and foreign intervention, THATS what will win an election!
Because the stupid, stupid leaders who announced they'd invade ISIS 4 montha in advance to kill their leaders did such a great job dealing with the group they created
Still not as loud as Windows Login sound byte
No, that was Timekeeper.
And nightbane runs
You call that love, I call that neurotic.
Nemmeno io, nonostante abbia sempre avuto modo di vederla se avessi voluto
Having the same problem here, I used to be able to get an easy 250fps+ on all maps, now i'm scraping by 100, and it dips into the low 30's when a huge firefight's going on, although for me, payday 2 and GTA V are also performing shitty-ly
Not sure really, I haven't ever seen Elton Johns Penis
Nah he got here with big business, time to let big business keep America the same still...
5 for your targets, 1 for yourself.
Omg the dance after the rejection.
It's not treated effectively because not all viable treatments are allowed because "marijuanas are bad."
Poop redditing is the best
Right that's totally what they're doing.
If you gave me the opportunity, I would, but I'd do it to pretty much anyone.
is there an afterlife?
Although you could just buy a powersave device or sue homebrew to backup ur data
I'm sure pkhex will have an algorithm that converts gen 6 mons into the gen 7 format like pokebank, but we will wait and see
He's not.
Oh shit, really?
If there's no ambient IR light there's probably no ambient light of any visible wavelength, so a camera wouldn't work anyway.
Or the wrong people
thanks, because barca and atletico doesn't have injuries .
Nice try Whatsapp
Geez I drive 50,000 miles a year...
i was expecting you to leave your house to see your whole house being lit like that
151 comments and no one noticed the hypocrisy in the display featuring a representation of the human face in a religion that supposedly objects to that.
While I agree the man is somewhat intelligent, had I been handed the fortune in New York real estate he was (which had he held onto would be worth around what he is now) I and many people could have turned it into what you might consider success.
Nah, it's relaxing.
I have it on good authority that it is the pope who tends to shit in the woods and that bears are catholic.
'I make friends by lightly bullying them as a front to hide my insecurities.'
But how'd you get Falco in 64?
Troy aikman and Joe Buck prepare by jerking off to pictures of Tony romo and aaron Rodgers while back to back in the booth
Then he's clearly just using that girl for sexual purposes.
Rip lizard lady
Waaaaaah waaaaaaah waaaaaah You lost, get over it.
Especially if they have capped shoulders
NeverTrumpers are the biggest joke of the subreddit its best you kept that to yourself
Well, around 55 million people voted for Trump so...
NFL viewer ratings
SCO military alliance.
Oooo you're so edgy putting that here.
4/9 turn 3, Fun and Interactive ^TM Im so glad that reddit is not in charge of balance
They think they are clever
16% of total, 40% of normal games
Me too, my grandma doesn't understand why I don't like listening to it (or why I look upset when I do) if it's one of my favourites.
Iirc I was using Firefox before I switched and I thought that it was a lot faster and that the omnibox was amazing.
Still waiting for sog to be included.
I did my 1st summon today, got theo:)
Sleep tight Tucker
Got it bro, you found some comments in Jezebel where people are hostile to white middle class so that is now the base of the Democratic Party, thanks for the help.
Yup, it's the fault of the US again.
Making a spectacle of yourself
Glad I escaped from this bananna republic.
Understatement of the campaign.
neanche stupido, l'olio di palma.
seguro que no hablas de... todos los estados?
Heard there is going to be a Nano chem at some point
Rip fool
exact same deal for me, except both the 360 and one are in my closet of broken dreams
Define positive and successful.
Yeah, but those guys on the other side of the imaginary line aren't people, they're immigrants (shudder) and they could take your job :O
I'm going to open you up and tinker with your ticker.
Yeah that black man they ran last time really didn't go well for them
Waiting for hashtags - #Conversion ke khel mein, bapu gaye jail me
Please post picture to verify you are not a fucking white male, otherwise we all must discard your opinion
How do you know she's not
Because pro-trump
Flush it with soy sauce.
Because a new type wasn't introduced before, BTW i love dark and steel.
What is though is that it took him until now to mention that in an interview however.
Yeah I grew up in Maryland too but that doesn't change the fact that Pittsburgh has painfully low wages and after you factor in maxing your 401k it's ~60k vs ~110k
We don't want you anyways
Looks like it will collect water.
I thought Adult Swim really was the one place that you didn't have to worry about political censorship, especially for shows after midnight, but apparently not.
Zeah will never feel right.
Thing about cities, lots of people live in them.
im sure those are coming.
Actually they over-analyzed and didn't think about the Banks trying to fuck anyone over on the way out.
yay, Survival Nerfs...... Explosive trap, from 30 to 40 sec CD
So Cubans who fled a communist dictator are the extremists?
All roads lead to Rome, I guess
Mine?
Cool, thanks :)
lol how did I not know there were rorq pvp fleets?
white people are a cancer on the world
so does Nincada, and with more physical defense.
Their job is to allow in the best candidate for the SC seat, literally saying no to ANY potential candidate is unheard of.
Oh yeah, forgot it got changed to that.
She was a four at best anyway, the US can do better.
Collective punishment for the lose.
That was just a refusal to read what all reporters were saying
It was originally supposed to be called Mad Max: Furioasa, allthough Furiosa was the name of the Fury Road and Therons character was just called "Warrior Woman" or something like that.
Yeah I wished they talked about her e-mails more
Ive been playing around 10 months and only have 2 crashes where I lost good will.
Oh I see, I misread what you were saying originally.
That wouldn't even be the worst she'd do, she'd monologue at you for 3 hours first, and you'd need to pee the whole time.
Not that many games really have demos anymore unfortunately, the days of being able to test a game for free without piracy are fading.
wow that's some powerful hypocrisy.
That doesn't make any sense, and it isn't objectively funny.
T8 Daylights work just fine for me and people I know, if that's what you mean by 'normal'
Those eyes on the real cat are creepy as fuck.....especially all wide and such.
This honestly is probably easier than it looks.
Because Prost is a big meanie.
Well obviously I'm not eating it, smoking is fine!
Nobody Has More Respect for Trump Than I Do
Probably not any more than having the president picked by rural areas upsets cities.
Trump 2016.
Tell him he's right.
I grew up in Murray and I don't remember ever remember it not looking like a haunted house, and I'm 32.
Because straight white males don't have a voice in America anymore thanks to the ever-growing SJW menace!
The fact that its so easy to see that explains how hard it was for the jurors.
So we can get hyped!
Perhaps it was meant for Donald, they'll both get a chance to answer.
Comparing star trek to any form of realism is just asking for problems
TIL I'm not normal.
Thats a dumb idea.
Did you know that there are more Americans in South America than the United States?
Yes, I do mean that.
delet this
Please do!
They were too busy controlling the media to rig the election
No it's a gender
Nothing says Zen like the shooting range.
STEVE BUSCEMI 9/11, SVALBARD SEED DEPOSITORY, BERNIE SANDERS, DAVE GROHL
Yeh a *real man* would have thrown the baby into the air, spin kicked the women in the face, then caught the baby and opened a can of beer, then finished off with a victory belch.
Dude was sitting in his Stryker with the heat on while wearing a marshmallow suit while the rest of us were outside trying to unstick the damn vehicles.
Upvoted because woobie
Get yer own dad !
~~oh god dammit how many times are you going to pop up you're supposed to be a singleminded homestuck-obsessed nerd background character not some actual person~~
Soros Soros
Pics?
My 480 is enough to power this, right?
If you had to read Chomsky to learn about Nat Turner then I wonder what kind of history classes you were in...Jesus.
It's a buff to Piloted Shredder.
You only forgot you have to take a responsibility if you got caught and not attempt to fight and run away as those stupid cunts did.
Pretty funny how the vague descriptions imply formidable decks or casual/notOP decks
Anybody here that can translate for me?
You must be fun at parties
And it still gets shut down by nothing but overleveled barbs and a zap.
The only thing going over internet is the alerts, unless I misheard.
Yes.
Try to see how off track I can get from mky original thought during class
It's god damned poetry, I tell you.
Fruitcake
I dunno...if you ask my grandpa, Obama is the racist in chief and the real reason for the uptick in racial tensions
No, the people of the last 4, 8, 12, 16, 20, 24 years who continue to use the agreed upon system without any real movement to change it.
dangit
#THIS WEW IS OVER 9000 LADS
Not really, they sparred his life.
Build a bonfire
But but Chinese are evil communists!
is it confirmed PC version in 2018?
Yeah because the Irish Presidency is such a powerful and important position
In America, stagecoach robs YOU!
God I just love it when OP links to the banned channel!
what about maroon
My league has reverse order claim so I always burn mine before week 1 and what do you know it I'm in first overall so I'm 12th on the wire anyway.
That is a travesty.
We could surely win as many games as the Browns this year.
You can blame him for anything you like.
Because IMF loans and their conditions have caused nations to find economic growth and prosperity.
But it was her turn!
right now he kind of is.
but is the milk chocolate?
Candela is like that friend who is extremely competitive and comes off as intimidating to people who don't know her, but in reality she is an extremely nice, awesome person who is just extremely passionate about doing her best and just forgets that not everyone feels the same way lol.
Ye too, thanks
Yea then every will want to move here It sucks, don't move here
The perfect ending will be after he wins the Premier League and Champions League this year.
If this happens, it might have been worth it.
Maybe if you only play RPGs, but other than that there are lots of games just as good in their respective genres, this is coming from a Witcher fanboy.
Hmmmm... Truth must rhyme with douche for a reason.
And put in a bag.
His video he made on this pk and the dharoks was probably his best video he's made in awhile
There goes $50000.
Maybe you should stop reading it
Is this some sort of mug shot mash up?
but CNN told me the leaks are all faked by Russia!
........what?
Short answer: no
Dallas is 3 hours west.
Dont forget smart S
#HE'S GOT A BASEBALL BAT
Silly agate, grapes are for fruits
I didn't vote for the guy.
He may also fuck
Yeah but he paid his dues so it's his turn.
I know that's what she's doing now, I'm saying this isn't the first time I've seen her.
I think that was a result of radio interference from a nearby space probe.
Where at?
Darth Pythagorus
What do you mean?
Not really, Unless you use the spray chompers as the game has trouble with players using that with 150+ ping
your system is pretty similar to what we ran under harbaugh...
Pretend to be helpful
Not after you count all the down votes
All men are handsome!
It's okay, it's just his opinion!
honestly i'd have turned around and sold it to buy the K. But at the end of the day, if you aren't really one to overclock, then what difference does it make to you anyway?
there isn't... the website says specifically there is no way to change it once placed, you must cancel the order and place a new one to make any modifications.
Then give the bomb legs so it can walk to the nearest troop
u/here_comes_the_king
Cus' fuck Winterhold.
I said downvotes dammit.
yeah jave sounds like he supposed to be now, the previous sound was cooler but tbh this one suits his character better
He probably realizes he can get a billion people to pay $1 then next year when he's got a ton of people signed up he can nudge it up to $1.5, then the next year $2, then the next year $3... or just wait for competition to go bankrupt and jump straight to a much larger amount with a monopoly in place.
I'm sorry that the criminals have to suffer such inhumane practices, im glad none the the victims of the criminals crimes had to go through the same
\*grabs popcorn* This is gonna be good.
I'm guessing they're referring to Hillary, right?
Priceless
"last Spring we all felt the Bern COUGH but now I make kissyface with Henry Kissinger!"
One shitpost too far dude, put some effort in.
Why does CA have to be such a cuck state..Dems always getting a 55 vote head start
My condolences to friends and families of the victims.
Billions of dollars worth of free ad time for Trump Ignoring Sanders Fucking media What happened?
For too long this subreddit has been controlled by the top 1%!
Yeah your right
Well that would obviously be because Obama made America so terrible in his 8 years that Donald would need 8 to right the ship.
Holy shit......
Yeah... The rising median wage at a time when the entire world's developed countries are seeing thay shrink is really hurting the working class...
This attitude is exactly what this country needs, more moronic disdain for the other side.
My god did you just turn French?
Party of fiscal responsibility.
You can call Commuter Services, they will sometimes impound bikes that have been parked way too long
yeah it's not like stunfest is the biggest tournament in europe or anything
It!
I believe OP is talking about the different search results the algorithms will give different people based off their online history/profile.
ridiculously over-priced for what it is
Pilot spills his water bottle.
What can you expect from a descendant of jinnah
As I read 36B wale I thought it was a couple lol
I enjoy playing NES games at 4k, bruh.
I like that pink pixel in the middle of the picture, she's cute.
what other legendaries do you have?
How about When you place your 3 Musketeers into a fireball one level higher...
the delay in the actual game and removing elixir and card display are good ideas
the problem with this is that attention seeking ranters won't go there because no one wants to read people's rants
Hold on.. isn't the definition of "I hate it" that something you don't like happens?
good thing I'll never go to Disney.. ..or have a 3 year old.
I hope so as well.
Would he still say that if Realtors didn't get commission?
There's a few other parts that I haven't figured out the use for as well.
Yes there definitely would not be protests by conservatives had trump won the popular vote but lost the EC.
No one remembers spongebob.
kara won't be a raid
I played internal alpha, BP is best and doesn't need any tweeking.
The only BLM worth respecting.
[[Child of alara]] fuck you this game is going to last all day deck, literally just as many board wipes as possible, plus all [[timetwister]] effects, [[Karn liberated]] to be a dick, ect
And then delay them again indefinitely until they are sure they can win.
Dead people usually do pretty poorly in office.
blatant cheater
People still play this game?
Yeah, who would want to make mass bowlers in 1/2 the time right?
Cant we just drone this guy?
I enjoyed that post far more than I enjoyed this one.
Whenever someone like Trump says "violence in Chicago" what he means is "fucking black people mirite?"
Wasn't he CM in the meantime?
fire meme
It's too big but other than that 's good.
Warrior Monk for Secretary of Defense!
Possibly, but not necessarily something that will put a roof over their head.
Can not respond , cause I do not know if you are serous or
*he's the most reading human being I have ever seen* funny at least on a couple of levels
Order fries, ask for them to be put in a gravy biscuit tray, add sprinkled cheese and whatever else goes in poutine and be "Q'd" on 331.
A David Attenborough film following Yoda when he first arrives on Dagobah and discovers the local fauna.
The employer or the insurance company.
Did you play it during the 10 hour trial or the open beta?
Trigg...ohh...
My understanding is that the policy results from a duty of care that has its basis in health and safety law.
Didn't Trump say money taken from funding NATO would help pay for infrastructure spending?
ITT: people forget how to recognize a hyperbolic shitpost and suddenly take obvious satire as literal outrage...
Then be able to choose a taunt and victory dance.
The 20+ million players would disagree
Good thing Reddit had a neutrally moderated Subreddit this election
What's Aleppo?
Good thing we are tightening gun laws, and then sentence a third time felon on gun charges to 9 years
Its OP just because it does something?
Yep it is a shitpost
You shut your fucking mouth
This is major news and relevant to the entire political situation in Western Europe now which now revolves around immigration.
It's as good-spirited and uniting as Trump's campaign was.
Hey, it's my first time using it as well.
We need to make the American National Team great again!
yeah dude fuck them queers.
Two words: Blood Gnomes
This is what I agree with most
Thanks for rubbing it in.
Maybe you remember Google Glasses.
That was locker room talk!
The Passion of the Christ
It's a 25th trimester abortion, she has a right to her own body you BIGGOT!
Can you tell me, without spoilers, why they're stopping in November 2018?
the picture is golden
What does it say exactly
Nope, just their statements, which could in no way be false.
r/girlseatingkebabs
Was this meant for r/TheModdingOfIsaac?
I'm very happy as well.
Both, at the same time
and all you had to give back was something with a Minion on it.
I too, immediately ran to the restroom to evacuate my bowels
OK, dude...chill out!
You're a good person.
Looks unbiased.
Yeah, it is.
But the democratic party was founded by famed equal rights advocate Andrew Jackson!
Hillary won Illinois, but there were many write in's for Bill Murray, Theo Epstein, David Ross and Joe Maddon for president.
Panache apparently :P
It would take a massive fire just to control the bedbugs, no doubt.
Don't polls show that Scotland wants to remain part of the UK despite Brexit?
You have to stay agile when applying your knowledge of the blade.
sure thing, i'll add you then open my gate
he's also in lethal weapon, spotted him while watching through the first three over the last few weeks...
ik ook bedankt
n
Shoulda used the "drop it" song.
"That's hot.."
Sign him in the offseason?
I really hope Scott is as smart as I think he is.
What are the rest of your specs?
An insignificant decrease in performance, you should not notice it.
I'm guessing 99.9% of them have no idea what you're talking about.
But those abs tho
Yeah, they could have tried harder on that
Further up on the thread there is an example of a LOL pro who uses a trackball, and I think there was a semi-pro q3 pro with a trackball as well
Facebook.
I avoid them by saying "Biggie Smalls" 3 times.
Testicle, if you've had Testicular Cancer like me....
Shill!
How's that normalcy bias workin' out for you?
I like the mirrored ceiling, really brings the room together.
But EE said it wasnt good.
If I was on Mercury-levels of cocaine a llama might scare me too.
Yes because a republican candidate took office rape is ok.
You seriously underestimate the power of Mike Dolce!
Too stupid.
Like he wants to chew tin cans
18 fucking year!
Does anyone if this plant is using the latest cutting edge technology?
not in LCK.. Ruler only came up at the end of the split.
Good guy OP learning from his mistakes
When OP tries to farm karma At least do it on your own original post
I mean sure if you want to play him right but I mean come on.. why would we do that?
Manny Ramirez fits this well
Surround nuclear sites with fracking, keep all the energy in one place.
I guess I must be colorblind or something because they look pretty identical to me.
Good to know which states to never visit.
That's why you play on survival difficulty.
Very nice job!
Our best and brightest shitposters in blue
It's a sign
I mean, when a carpenter fucks up my deck, I find the best guy to fix it is someone who isn't familiar with wood, rather than a better carpenter.
Drugs.
~~Kys~~ Hum I mean, wow pretty good build m8 I r8 9/11 would do it!
ELN already agreed to a ceasefire ahead of today's signing.
Rem has her sister and her job.
I can't seem to add Microsoft Complete to the order
Weeeeed
We are going to fight- cuck Cuck proceeds to get off train.
But but but then sniper riffles would be actually good at something and no no no snipers are not allowed to be so.
They shouldn't wear it anyway as its proof of the patriarchy in Arabic culture
To be fair they do this so they don't have to hire them.
(Yes, but at least this one isn't *black*.)
Twice really are becoming the new SNSD, seems like they are the only band to get posted here now.
How can any red blooded, self-respecting man not like Overwatch?
Don't you know that it's okay when a Republican does it?
Now I'm going to stop using it because of that!
wat bedoel je daar nou weer mee kom vechten dan
Jackson found the battle scenes of WWI too few and boring so he had Tolkien fight in WWII as well for the third movie.
She has trucker paws thus the name.
Love how you can literally see how fast sound moves
I think they mean skeptics will overlook his antiscience beliefs to celebrate the negative impact of Trump on "sjws"
Do you happen to have any suggestions for alcoholic drinks that don't taste too alcoholic?
did you know that 84.7% of statistics quoted on the internet are totally made up?
Ur and erbil are totally different places
My guess is that we saw the choice of someone like Catherine De Medici as leader of France because it's easier to sell "Napoleon" as DLC than Medici.
Yet it keeps coming back refurbished
That's actually better than other subreddits.
Pfff....take your ridiculous....SOUND LOGIC, and GTFO.
why are you still here then?
I just grabbed a bunch of a my books and a pen.
Whatever, I'll take the Assdaddy Borgore over Getter or Nghtmre any day
If you don't understand how elections work, you have no room to complain about one.
Sex, I'm guessing.
4k specific
Except, guess what, nothing will happen and you'll be posting tomorrow too.
It's technically ten years.
I lived abroad for a decade, I really don't think anyone wants/expects us to police the world.
I was thinking RV.
Nah, we're too progressive
Bernie is Hitler confirmed!
No no no see it's just "economic anxiety" These "forgotten people" deserve our sympathy.
Sikhs have daggers and muslims have scmitars right?
You mean again?
He forgot how to catch :(
What a bad name for a food product
The best people folks
Was looking at Ibra Inter jerseys today on eBay but they're pricey af
Reviewing with the sole purpose of getting free things.. Cool
I did online dating, but online relationships always seemingly end up in Korean break-ups, and there aren't really any good dating apps that wouldn't pretty much out me.
Are your knees sore?
That's pretty funny since at least half of them aren't fans of their local team haha
As do I... :( Let's face it, every fun performance car is going to attract douches and enthusiasts alike.
Aye.
My asshole was clenched on that one
Good thing trump supports even less people being able to afford their healthcare with high deductible plans and HSAs, those works *tremendously* well for the poor
The Clinton standard
Is trump is going to enact legislation to raise his own taxes?
Thanks a lot that may have taken me a while to find.
What the hell is this environmentalist propaganda bullshit I hate u OP
Tbs is a tv station and each station have their setups which they don't want leaked to other tv stations(competitors)
Start with me, 7:00 AM, thanks
I would be pissed if my $250k car was being delivered on a roll back without at least a car cover on it.
On the plus side Jimmy Hayes will get more ice time!
Thank you
Fairly broken glitch then
But hey, at least she started a CONVERSATION.
It would certainly be a "must watch" Senate confirmation hearing!
I don't know that it's been said as official plan, but the other super groups have fought evil justice league before.
I guess its just perception but I live in the suburbs of NY and those things youve listed only further push my point.
He walks his mons-- I mean he drags his 'mons.
School lunches have always been inedible.
Looks like a Franklin Pierce presidential series coin found its way into your machine.
You know it.
Well at least we have Vulkan!
Advertising a political role-playing game wasn't a big enough hint that they were a political type?
Thanks for nothing, man.
Or you know, just don't post it on twitter... I'm 100% sure all teams go through shit like this, they just don't post it on twitter for the entire world to see.
We far-left progressives sent a strong message to those democrats by ensuring the far right took over all 3 branches of government, win!
You can, but it's often a death sentence as many people don't want a preowned cat.
Michelle Obama seems like a cool person
Find a neighbor or two that can workout with you once or twice a week.
That's because of the turtling.
realistic theory: one person did it as a prank, now people are seeing ghosts or just making shit up to get attention
because the president alone creates economic and market conditions (in year one)
All the Salem witch trials did was piss off some women and make a few people angry.
Then I would suggest you to play offline on semi pro or professional and get a hang of the game before directly jumping onto online draft
Racism is a virus only white people have.
Contact local social services.
It was at least two debate questions, the other being a death penalty question in Ohio.
Turns out, nobody likes me ever :(
90 with a heat index of 107 is though.
Bush behind 9/11: confirmed.
No, no he didn't.
Bojack Horseman!
If you say that as a question it might seem a little weird?
The only thing it's missing are some seagulls.
40"... I tried 4K on a 30" but text made my eyes bleed.
The next four years are going to be just loads of fun and civil discourse.
Then you're a hypocrite.
There still have more of an advantage than women, on average.
I would have said a big bag of wool.
Defensive?
Ten feet higher!
Isn't it 405bpm?
The worst part was they got rid of the joint in the Zen room and replaced them with cigarette butts.
Hell yeah, I'd go see it.
He's Australian, therefore he's perfect for the role
Mileena?
Pepe is still few levels above otamendi, Both at being a defender &amp; being a thundercunt.
"Government, please keep me safe"
We'd be top of the league right now if we had him in the team at his prime this season ugh.
Oh...
The Thames is certainly browner.
you forgot your
What song is this
No u lololololol original comment please love me my parents dont
What we are actually seeing is a typically solipsistic modern female who is enraged because her poor life choices were not validated but rejected by society.
It shouldn't stop until she is in prison.
You are responsible for your own happiness.
Salaj, din cate se pare inca nu au sediu aici.
r/NmsFlashBacks
Law and Order: Special Vader Unit DUN DUN dunt dunt dununt nuhhhh wayoooow!
The upvote paradigm is pretty retarded because people on the internet are pretty retarded.
"Without using traps or *abilities*"
He should have asked for our feedback before he ran for office.
Thanks, always good to get advice from the creator
Damn :(
Sounds like real progress!
"stuff safe" - my bad.
32 in the standings, #1 in ~~our hearts~~ number of QBs used.
They have a map of the booths as well, no mystery spot.
How long have you been subbed?
It's not real socialism!
Oh nej, det er de nok kede af...
Maybe call it a 1/4+ and give them a 1/3.
You dropped this
u wot m8
what game is this
Does that read 2000 mile points or $16?
Be faster
You didn't buy the deluxe version that includes a personal translation stone.
what do you mean?
No, you're definitely being mocked.
Reminds me of the scene from A Night at the Roxbury where he insists on calling the Credit Card company just to flirt with the lady there.
Serves them right for being racist homophobe islamophobe woman-hating bigots
I would rather gnaw my leg off than go to a Walmart on black Friday.
We used to have like 10 pixels, chill.
Clearly scripting mate
And I'm sure none of those reports are fake or staged
I can't speak for you of course but I would eat a bullet if I had to do that
This is just another phrase for "regressive left" that the alt-right is using because alt-right has a negative connotation but the people they are describing as regressive left or alt-left have many issues that the alt-right are picking at
okay so let's ignore a major oversight and not ask for it to be fixed lol
Azab Allah, amirite?
I'm still looking forward to Secretary of State Kid Rock and Secretary of the Interior Chachi
As Bart Scott said: Can't wait
Yea but I expect the GOP to create a super-delegate system to prevent a Trump-type candidate from winning the nomination again
No exact opposite I'm afraid :/ West coast california bay area but thank you for the offer brotha
Because there is demand for it....
cause I care way too much about the opinions of strangers, apparently lol
If you subtract a negative you're adding something though
Kept everything inside and even though I tried it all fell apart.
Ugh.
They really need to plant a proper aluminum ladder deep into the ice so it does not move, and then use that.
thanks
Shouldn't have had to filter the donald or the 10 other subs they spam their hateful nonsense with either, but here we are.
TFW you believe that all the people that hated before are now sticking up for you o3o
Syria doesn't mandate clothes for women, doesn't use stoning, the first lady doesn't even wear a scarf, they openly sell alcohol there, and I haven't heard of sex slaves there but sex slavery is a global problem that's even found in western nations.
Well since America and the UK are exactly the same, the otherwise crazy article makes a good point!
I love it when my city makes the news
If we gonna have scissors i want to have bricks to destroy handcuffs too
God dammit, imaginary Dirk
That's it...Add another foot to the wall.
Definitely Rekkles, because Rekkles played a true carry-style role during the entire season.
smug 20 year olds all over my facebook believe it.
No it didn't.
well comcast is fast and reliable for me.
well the panthers 1st place finish didn't really help their attendance last year did it?
\#dicksoutforITT
Thanks for the insight
They're not sending their best; add bike thieves to the list.
poo lol
Isn't that just Mario Kart 8?
Cold War looks like it may never have truly ended
Britta is the worst.
BUY MY SWORD!
Cassie Jaye confirmed digital distribution through Netflix and other streaming apps as well as disc distribution (maybe only for Kickstarter backers such as myself)
Freeganism
Probably a really long time ago when women started using the term vagina to colloquially refer to their genital area.
Philando Castile would like a word about that but he's dead.
Yea other than rocket league there's not that many sports games on PC to begin with
If you broke your legs every year or two due to nothing but standard use, I'd be questioning the value of your legs, yes!
He obviously talked about the next major..... I hope.
Well HLTV's Owner said he took k0nfig based on the amount of impact kills he made.
Right now I have a 2001 audi b5 s4 with blown turbos so it smells like burning oil and a cloud of smoke out the exhaust
That's obviously what I meant.
pretty much!
you dropped this:
What sort of family of angels is this?
I'm pointing out the obvious flaw in the title.
It looks like the shooter died judging from how it went to black
rigged!
I think 100,000 are throwaways.
A flowchart about paper clip vending machines in 2020
No, just quacks.
More of that famed Trump sarcasm?
Latin American countries take it seriously as well.
Honestly, even if the bipod is shit, you still get the rail adapter which is gonna run you $15 anyway.
BREAKING: US Vehicular Sciences Commission begins research on affordable "protester plow" as an attachment to personal vehicles.
And occasionally remove all your DLC weapons due to a bug that happens randomly.
I don't really care.
I was hoping for Zaxxon myself.
Tickets now is ticketmaster verified resale so if you're gonna be an idiot and buy scalped tickets, at least buy ones you know will work
Make America Great Bacon in a can.
son
Give me 30 seconds and an axe and I can open that shit right up for you.
And why should the healthy subsidize the ill...?
I thought he looked shell shocked as well but I took it as something more like "I have no idea what I'm doing."
This is a fun fact.
31.99 on origin with promo code TITAN20
your not getting my point , your just going back to the first comment , just leave them alone mk
I think EU is gonna do shit this year, but that's whatever.
This was sarcasm right?
Only criminals commit crimes
Has anyone said porn yet?
Berkman
I think you meant
Makeup, clothes, or some nice new earphones!
One day a year you can't handle honoring thousands of people who died in the worst terrorist attack in US history?
Hahah i agree
Oh nice!
NachoQueen apparently makes reddit think I'm a nacho lovin' dude, based on messages I've received,
WHAT NO FUCK
She'll keep it in the chamber for every time Trump brings up the Clinton foundation (and Trump will bring up the Clinton foundation)
Barry stop putting your dick in the timeline!
Is Iraq suddenly not part of the Middle East?
I once fed a dragon his own son.
I know but the effects were really overdone, to the point where they were bright neon colors and almost every round looked like one during some scenes.
Maybe he went the fuck to sleep
Because technology has come a loooong way since 05
He's probably totally mentally healthy and just a cunt right?
Man who enter turnstile sideways go to Bangkok.
That's just embarrassing...
Do you mean the same video or different videos.
MTC - S3RL is a BANGER
So why is this guy in particular famous exactly?
My opponent is a liar and CANNOT be trusted!
Yeah, pretty much, but I'm also the kind of guy who smokes by oxygen tanks.
Because definitely all of the protesters there condone the bad actions of a few.
From this moment on, I drop all support for Bill Clinton for President.
Breaking Bad!
It is definitely more pronounced in Battlefield 1 over previous titles but it comes down to just the way gaming culture is going I'm afraid ... Trolling, memes and salt is the new form of communication that everyone is expected to abide by Seen it happen through Counter-Strike Seen it happen through League and Dota Seen it happen through CoD Now we're noticing it through the Battlefield series Even Overwatch is not immune for it Just dont lower yourself to their standards and eventually you'll start running into more players who feel the same way about it
Oh yeah irelia didn't see any play at all in the last half year and is definetly the champ that was hurt the most
Hacksaw ridge: battlefield 1 edition.
William Zinsser just rolled over in his grave.
I know people.
Well, I mean, there was taxes but we've moved away from that since Eisenhower, the stalwart Democrat who built our highways
High functioning sociopaths...FTFY
I *SAID* ... GET IT RIGHT
c'mon, you should know by now only white people can be racist
Oh yeah, the guy cleaning my toilet for minimum wage is sure stealing the fruits of my labor, I want to kick him out so I can have his job and he's not taking my money anymore.
R
Thank you for your wise and enlightening opinion.
Thereby pissing off the exact same people who voted for him.
Gotta use em before we lose em
Kulcha Government-appointed committee saved us from Kulcha Government-appointed censor board chief?
Standalone launcher doesn't even bother to save my ID half the time, god forbid if it had a password to remember too
Yea just like the squad leader perks from the closed alpha.
Isn't it already?
This this is a First Lady that I can get behind!
Then you never ran afowl of the bonding plant later on in Return to Zork?
Only faction with a BA starter and only sniper rifle capable of one headshot killing infils at any range
Alchemist: Ho ho ho merry Christmas!
DIBS!
To an extent I agree with you, but if one is going to learn programming... Might as well go full measure.
That's not relevant, Trump is the only one who can't do what everyone else in politics does!
Redditgate
that looks sweet as hell, love the goggles!
Rece has a future as a hype man.
Source?
I got mine too, Pidgey in my apartment !
Based on how Chinese tourists behave, they are doing those neighborhoods a favor.
And running with them deals damage?
Undertail.
I suspect each is carefully matted in a gold frame and hung with care to the ceiling over his bed for constant viewing while Tweeting alone in bed each night.
Everything said plus Grapefruit Juice.
Nope, only US.
Thank you for the good reply
WebM this video in case YouTube kills their channel.
what was your build?
Okay so lets kill off half the population instead of implementing environmental procedures to reduce our effect on the planet so it can actually handle the amount of people we have.
Probably die from "pneumonia" 6 months into her first term.
the cake is a lie
everything looks good except that damn patriots logo ;)
It can't be racist if it's towards whites.
fuck
That was the NJPW contingent
I mean, you're totally right... ...but if michigan squeaks in and wins, you better believe I'm gonna be celebrating like any other Michigan fan.
Some say he's still stuck to this day.
Trump will put an end to this socialism.
How did u get that kimmich?
AHHH!
I think if his unwillingness to pick younger players would be somewhat justified if we at least won games
Hey dude/dudette, there is snow in my yard, aint no waamin' goin' on.
I'd recommend it :)
I am amused and confused
Sounds like Nazism to me.
Copts and Assyrians are just Islamophobic bigots who don't realize that ISIS kills mostly Muslims.
Genius.
Those novas triggerd the whole game, so I dont think so
I wasn't aware that there was a Commander block.
At the Smith Haven Mall in Long Island, NY!
You talking about that one in Texas from a few years ago?
Pet Per Reception
No expert agrees, your agenda is obvious.
hoezo je hebt toch een katalysator?
You're aware that petty is literally in the subreddit's name, right?
a wet bikini can totally weigh that much brah.
tbh i hate Aj Koorstra's comments on all of NL's videos
Already came out in beta :)
We can't occupy something that doesn't exist.
I'm with you man, but Peggy's character is supposed to be pretty infuriating, she's a mid-western mom with little grasp on reality.
Thanks I was so confused lol
Another bullet dodged.
No MSP?
I fail to see the downside.
THIS...I hate adversary modes but I would play this nonstop even if I sucked at it.
But those are just false flags planted by liberals
Yeah - I didn't mean it as a criticism of their management programme, just as the sole example I have of interacting with their employees over and above being a customer.
Bless you.
Get ready to pay like $300 then.
love the down votes...can't be critical of jesus bernie, shame on you!
Is it just me or does he look like Stone Cold in the SOE loading screen
Trump could stand in the middle of Times Square and appoint Al Gore to head the EPA and wouldn't lose a single supporter.
Dont forget the 'tion' skills, constitution, construction, divination, invention.
lol
I'd wish I had applied to some German universities just in case.
It just occurred to me that these trippy cutting boards are really pretty but not very practical, ideally I'd prefer a solid color dark-ish one, so i can see stuff on it clearly.
Pretty sure that's Christoph Waltz there
Obviously videoshopped
Yeah, I guess he was asking for it with what he was wearing.
Hahaha thank god
Something ..something..lawyers, gyms, facebooks.
mp_roundtime_defuse 10 or something like that
Naaaah, tesseracts with wings makes more sense
How?
But Obama takes too many golf trips!
Yea, need to get a blueprint for that one.
happy cake day
Hacker confirmed, pls ban
Or a pearl from an earring.
This is for Irojo, probably should have put and
This and the fact it's preserved until you reach whatever age the government of the day decides to make retirement age.
If he's a minor they shouldn't be printing his name in the news, right?
You dropped your
Pls tell me this is the white vehicle that parks in the Lower East Side Cuz I've been talking about covering that car with 200 sticky notes with passive aggressive messages about that damn alarm for weeks now I just need to start writing
Plot twist: OP is alergic to doggos.
You're motoring What's your price for flight
Stop and think for 20-30 minutes, or whatever you need, why do you drag concord away from where you want to gank?
Touched the floor at 1:43 :p sick wallriding though.
Doesn't even matter who gets elected, the government will take your guns
......same as every year-- sacrifice a cat to our Dark Lord Satan and throw a big birthday celebration for the Devil, just like Sunday School told me.
Who's Blaze?
Go to the fruits and vegetable section and get an apple instead
No fucking shit.
Remind yourself that Wayne June's narration is appropriate in many games
I'm studying accounting but I don't call myself an accountant.
Thank you.
Fuck off.
Those who stand to make money of Syria's civil war
No he relies on hacks
It sounds like they reveal their hand, they shuffle your library, and they draw 3 cards.
What a bunch of miserable cunts!
Ah husband and wife re-united ...
Represents the accuracy of dive bombers against American ships that shoot taxpayer money at 15,000 dollars a second.
URM
**NOT PAID ACTORS**
What kind of bitch of a nigga cares what his boys gotta say about how he tries to get pussy?
Anyone remember when Razer RGB'ed everything?
Do you have a moment for our lord and savior Dwight?
I'm gonna need to see proof of intent.
Looks like you need to turn on retraction
*sigh* Did you guys really forget [[Reiterate]]?
So, how can we blame Hillary for this?
I just tell fire mages to stop using ignite
muh pc masterrace
And he was right
It's on FX :/ I don't like them since they canceled Legit!
Hey, my girlfriend's 4 year old too !
or a mustang
the__donald cult is already planing to take overthis sub after his stunning defeat in Nov
oh just shut up and send money
High quality memes aren't easy to make you know
"Getting the fuck out of Dodge" if you will.
jesus christ, stop teasing and put them out already
so youve been removing every single one lol
It is Russian...
More like 90 million eligible voters sat out because they either don't care because fuck it or voter suppression.
what is the salvage cost for level 34?
I have a s7 edge.
I think it's a joke about how the Matt Smith adventure games are the only things that have ever been said to be canon by the BBC.
Eye can see for miles and miles and miles...
r/Iama is for celebs or organisations to promote themselves
Benzema
Why don't the scores add up
Sounds like something Innis &amp; Gunn would make
Nice Volvo 1800s and MGB GT too.
Clearly that is what trump does
Your right, fuck public servants and their selfish ways.
well not atm, if you want evga wait until they ship the 10 series with the fix added
Even if you didn't buy his M&amp;M's or the paper, he would still say "God bless you my brother!"
Wow how racist of him to prefer one color over another
~~It does?~~
Maybe they want to find a girlfriend?
Don't worry, they've already *coded* them as Asian so it's okay.
Nationalism is the biggest to me on why would fail... Why anyone is proud of their own country seems very weird and combative to me since we are all the same and have been here in a gradient since we've existed.
we actually really don't
You forgot the
Welcome to CS, Get caught match fixing = Perm ban Get caught cheating but no anticheat could detect you = No ban
God fucking dammit Sam Pepper
Hey, he has 99 base speed, that's faster than megan, I wouldn't bet against it
Wowww, 1% off perfection... Grind to 49% or no gz
Luv the game!
Some people just have a naturally pink butt hole.
nice
Ahh yes, the ignorant kid with a stick up his ass that can't give credit where credit is due.
Really, you guys do that on your Earth now?
I'm talking about the remastered, but if it makes you feel better I still can't run the originals at max since I don't have a GPU.
Man, he sure is one hell of a guy.
I think the entire point is to show it can be far worse and the fans will still stay.
I wasn't a fan of the cyclops either, and I still think the no date sub is the best of the steel subs, but I purchased a 16713 root beer this summer, and I'm really digging the cyclops.
Lol
I think it's pretty obvious that he is implying that either could happen.
Then normies truly are animals.
ELI5?
Darude Sandstorm
regular laundry detergent?
I don't disagree with you, but there's still a threshold to which it crosses over into entitlement and he's definitely found it.
You are the ones who did that.
They can do the same thing they have done with the Polaris: publish a coupon that only works if you use a credit card or PayPal.
I'm just waiting for the German redditors to tell us who this is blown out of proportions.
Now I know why some animals eat their young
Try finding a bunch of +2 keys in a week or two.
He really is an environmentalist
On Android it also means your phone stops being supported
Yeah it really needs to be fixed
Yeah those European dummies would be better off if they just let us smart Americans be in charge of them
blizzard is always gona be 10 trillion miles ahead in everything riot does, because riot is a new, cheap, tricky, fake company that just cheeses and blizzard is 30 thousand times better in every aspect but lol has 10 times more players then any other game because its an easy game to be the best and even win worlds in because its for kids
I would be nice if you elaborated a little, lol Like a finished product?
But there is one guy that works at NASA that refutes Climate Change and another science guy someone told me about, so check mate chicken littles!
Also, if you wanna do a quick search on 'Obama Hitler' I'm sure you'll not get any results
no yea, tempest is the one I know how to perform, it's Drain blade I don't know how to use, any tips on that one?
Agreed monero x is better than this guy's work.
I..well okay
What a unique perspective.
I've been waiting for someone to do this tbh
Thank u mister Shadow Chancellor
That's because so many of them are centralized in the most expensive part of the country.
Canada as the season starter for them snow races.
I could but I want everything hand fed to me...
It was a "Spares or Repairs" snes to be fair, I'd never do this with value, like a wii
And when they terrorize in the name of islam, its not the real islam cuz islam is the religion of peace.
Oh yeah fuck having a Troy styled Titan, that would be super lame!
I'm trying to get the country answers sorted; those were all write-in answers.
Kid A
this is starting to confuse the hell out of me :)
Wut iz logik?
Listed as inactive.
It's the Sherpa flair.
I havent
It's a good thing I read a lot
Looks like your not getting a reply, I guess your comment helped him finally get it
Would creating such software be part of his normal duties if it were requested at the time?
What could go wrong!
Myspace
r/meirl
Such a beautiful performance
The earth's problem*
6 man league?
Well they sure showed those liberals to be wrong!
Everyone knows that once a law is passed, it can never be changed no matter what.
For $2 each too!
I secretly wish I would accidentally receive things off my wishlist instead of that laundry detergent I ordered.
Because fuck you, you'll get what we give you and you'll be thankful for it.
Pepe bless.
I was very confused what Jimmy Graham had to do with the QB market...
Probably Australia then
Mate, that's just a WHM and a PLD upside down.
How do you know if a challenge gives tradeable cards/packs?
how can one watercool their PC with an extremely hot planet that orbits close to the sol.
I agree, I never got the appeal.
Cool, a racist.
Thank you!
Having friends come over and play with you.
It's a shame there are no Asian people in Hollywood that they could use for this role.
They should trade him.
K K K K KK K K K K
Does it apply to laptop?
My great Granddad fought in Burma against the Japanese, I've always been ashamed of how he infamously dodged D-Day
To be fair Hamilton did the same after winning the title last season
I see you're enticed by my daughter's awesome rocking tits.
It's only in Jump Preview leaks, not the Next Episode Preview.
FeelTheForce of #SomethingNew
This would mean that in Ferrari they have figured out their '17 engine...
I will never tell you because it's better than OEB, Galaxy or Diner Deluxe and it is NEVER BUSY!
I have a bunch of pictures of the bottom one
S I D E B A R I D E B A R
Spying.
I forgot the
He was born to be a pass rusher
Hesperax is such a babe.
This is correct - the [DE] prefix is for mods only - I have played with a few EE folk and the prefix is exclusive to employees.
I get Error 404
So what happened after?
Obama is still in office until January 20
Oh lord
Yes funnest, also worst as far as having to save kills/crawlers.
Just got to give them more time to develop as a team...
When he was young he used to go on dimension-hopping, time travelling adventures with his grandfather who taught him everything he knows.
Never said that him not saying anything made it worse, people getting angry at these people is what made it worse He didn't do anything wrong, he just couldve thought in a more positive way.
they played this at my date of the mobo/tfb/brand new tour and i nearly shit myself.
I have.
So what do we watch instead?
That level of detail certainly football In its present form.
Anyone else remembering the "ascertain" Kids in the Hall sketch?
HAHHAHAHA git gud ww2
Eh, but giant bombs mean you can get rid of all attackers at once!
How can someone come to believe something like this when it's so clearly baseless?
shower beer
Because rushing 6 worked so well the last time.
Where's the rejection within this article?
Ask Soros, he'll hook you up.
Mission Accomplished!
ily2bb
Have fun!
Close...the lack of updates to the shuttle makes it a poor analogy for any microsoft product.
I'm okay with ending the series 1-0
god help you if you have an inlet or a swimming pool
You're absolutely right, but I think that's a problem that arises from any sort of non-romantic relationship, whether it's a cuddlebuddy or FWB or just regular friendship.
I am a Mathaticaletition and I can tell you that I have never seen more perfect math.
Is that a fuckin turnip tattoo?
trust me man breaks from certain games do a world of good by the time you get back you should feel much better :)
McSplaining
Or if they can't go to another state, Trump suggests that they find a very good, high quality staircase to fall down from.
That's never been posted before
"I'm gonna get my son back!"
You better get back on this democratic plantation boy!
This deserves more love
Idk, I think that piece of paper that has moonspeak written on it might be the culprit.
he is promoting ethereum lol, something tells me that he's gonna regret it.
Giving up privacy is part of signing the honor code.
"I'll crush his bones into bread" Maybe not.
My OCD is gonna end up killing me one day.
Just use donkey Kong's model reskinned
Screw porta-potties taking our jobs, its time we reinvest in the bathroom
Apparently him and Fuzzy Zoeller have the same handicap.
Why not?
You will never live this down until the next meme from the future shows up.
*steel is banned so why is he playing
MP cards dont work tho, which prompted OPs question.
Thanks for the response!
Well, if he was downstairs making a host, that might have registered as a fifth, too.
Lmao you just know the Democrats are up to no good.
Next you will need to enter your Aadhar card and swipe fingerprint in your phone to enter, and later they will play National Anthem and you will have to stand before you can enter website.
Harry Potter- the chosen one is quite obviously Neville.
Yeah but this is 16 years later, you know 8 years after America collapses and we're all back in the stone age
An older version of PWS or iOS?
Not only does it generate resources, it generates 50 pain, out of a possible 100
That will definitely not make her and what she stands for look bad in any way!
Urban looking to get TTUN out of the playoff picture early next year....
"If you die because they don't let you buy insurance then don't shop there next time."
It's shitty, but everyone has preferences
Is this true?
Probably the consul of Sealand.
As a rule of thumb: if you're not ready to spend 12k diamonds on the conjuring stone you really don't want to use it.
Both do
Which one?
Universal remote
ffs nerf vinktar already
It wasn't on Yahoo News.
Are you honestly implying that no one, not even this mass murdering psychopath, deserves it?
No thanks
Until the next BF event when you might need them again :P
Cranbrook
No, he said it would be partly answered but if they were going to do a big drop, it wouldn't be soo early in the morning US time.
Honestly this is the most reasonable action to take imo.
If you had just fucking read patch notes you would know how to turn it off..... FIX EYES This is like "FIX AUDIO" when I have master volume at 0.. NOT Valve's fault, it's a USER ERROR.
Maybe he just won't run in 2020.
SUPAH MARIO BRUDDAS 2 BAYBEEE
China next demands back pay royalties on all the wars fought with gunpowder or the tea drunk or opium and heroine consumed
Welcome to the club
"0-0-1-3"
Lol basically r/relationships in a nutshell
But dude, GOTY patch fixed all the bugs, game is totally bugfree now
Yep - it's in Leviticus - did you miss this part of early morning seminary?
It's all a test of faith
What the fuck
When they go low, we go lower.
not even sure what im lookin at
And a Pakistani is getting upvoted, a first for r/India.
YOU'RE A WHITE MALE!
I have 99999999 hours on fnaf world, do i still have a life?
People have said this a lot the past 10 years :(
Henry ellenson is the ugliest player in the whole game this year.
Pocket strat is a thing in Dota that refers to an off-meta and surprising strategy, so I think that's the connection.
I guess there aren't any Hutts or whatever species Watto is in the Senate, if Palpatine was able to mind trick them all.
Good thing you don't go up against a good defense next week.
she's obliviously a kkk member in a drag
Shhh he can't do any wrong
But that Vert Chem is a deal breaker
Savage!
It's that much less weight the front tire has to take.
LeBlanc ~180,000 mastery level 7 Morgana ~50,000 mastery level 7 Ezreal ~6,000 mastery level 3
no no no we need an 8 month long season!
no no, It's ok for us to push our views on others because we're right!
DAE think not liking racism makes you the real racist tho?
At least their League team should be decent
But how does that justify Sanders telling his supporters they should riot in the streets?
Because civil disobedience isn't a thing and it would be sooooo much work to convince people to not pay their federal taxes.
Username checks out, put in your WOFT packet
I went to school in the 70s, I have no idea what you are talking about.
To be fair, having a beard in a Pacific NW winter and fall is a good idea.
What link?
Ret paladin
I'm guessing they count overtime wins as (+1) to avoid this scenario - well ESL use this method in pro league anyway
Ohh no didn't you know, it's just like the civil rights movement and Donald Trump is the same as Hitler.
Yes but was he abused and attacked by someone from a position of privilege?
M E T A
Yeah they definitely didn't learn a hard lesson.
Only 10-15 minutes where will the other hour of show hole go?
I hope not
Welp time for Jagex to start selling maxed total accounts for 15k amiright?
Are voice comms necesarry?
This looks so awesome, can't wait to give it a go!
more like timbershit
The Pepsi scene in World War Z You know the one
Is it just me or is this a pcture of only the first 21 pokemon?
I mean it was obviously
I didn't initially catch it was a doll till you said something!
You forgot your
As in attack you?
Hah, as if he could aim with a mouse.
Nicole + tears in the DR for turning on James = Big Neech
It's acceptable, but I wouldn't expect anything more than 4-10 points a week from DWill, so only if I was desperate
Problem is where to get it from and how to tell the other interests they can't have it, such as the pension systems.
That's because it's not a matter of finding equivalent qualifying times in terms of skill level, it's a matter of how strenuous they are on the schedule.
We're gonna be pray'n for ya!
Maby she's just, liek, very considerate of the pillaging of, liek, the continent of Hawai?
Pm me and I'll add them to the giveaway pool.
Congratulations, you missed the point on nearly every single thing he said.
Nah, a friend's - mine is the E92
Code books are a different ball of suck.
Money is just speech, remember?
Posts like this really make me wish my brother didn't live with me sometimes.
Edited :)
Nah fuck that I didn't get to see Dinosaurs why should my kids get to see polar bears and penguins.
How is that hypothetical consumer accumulating $1000 in the first place?
Having 2 chairs is pretty unusual.
tummy lol
done
fuck no, because that would actually take some effort and research.
Sorry lol sarcasm/condescension are hard to gauge and easily mixed up when done thru text.
if you keep following old models, your ass is going to get hillary clinton'd - kanye west - 2016
why hillary clinton lost and donald trump won - reason number 1875926857984238
Pretty sure he forgot the to end it with a
Good point, lets not do everything we can to prevent an abundance of drugs in our communities and we should instead be enriching criminal organizations in Mexico.
I'm not sure they actually paid anyone $50K, those could all just be actors.
It is the fifth heightening.
Makes sense.
*economic anxiety*
Ah yes: the free market will sort it out!
What paint did you use to ghet the more natural skin color (natural in orks way)
Comparing christian faith's to each other in a vacuum sure, but throw in other non abrahamic religious, and especially non religion, and it becomes a very small statistical sliver of the pie.
i hear it a lot in england
As long as it's not a P3 nurse it's fine
This is the best joke I've heard all day
3k on the 9th 4k on the 10th etc
I laughed when OW as original game cause god knows its a copy of paladins
They've been doing it for years so their loyal fanbase doesn't have a problem with it.
But you just talked about it here, that's TOTALLY breaking your silence
Because how good you are at your sport dictates how important your opinion is
So beggars just get to die if they can't make it to the shelter.
Anyone who downvoted this post want to explain why?
guess this means we have to trade klay
Obama said "I could have gone over there and saved 1,000 jobs, but do you know how far that plant is from the Golf Course?"
I got your back, OP.
neat
Almost having second thoughts about my Rafa shrine
This person didn't watch Vernon play did they.
The first one doesn't have a red team
People don't like that it has no tactile response, and keys they are expecting might not be available depending on the context.
Love the laurel wreath, symbol of victory, over the nod to a defeated nation, the CSA.
Because Reddit invented the idea of secret Santa.
This feels like it was written by a shill.
It's all Jared's fault!
For sure, but the one variable I would say is MSU.
He's normally used as the assassin type; brought in late to catch the opponent unaware/tired and steal the win.
Would also like to know the best cheapest pair
Those boobs look weird.
Giuliani actually does have some foreign experience -- he runs a private security consulting firm that counts foreign governments among its clients including Qatar (you may remember them from that time that Trump said Hillary condones beheading gays because her charity accepted money from Muslim countries) *totally* not a conflict of interest.
Pretty bleak situation with an oline weaker than wet paper towel.
Who knows if it will translate to the NHL though
MVP!
Interesting.
Liberals and horshoe theory.
ONE OF MY TEAMMATES ACTUALLY TOLD ME TO STOP DYING SO MUCH AS THEY ALL SPLIT UP AND RUN IN AT DIFFERENT AREAS ONE AT A TIME, LIKE OK SORRY I'LL JUST STOP GETTING KILLED WHEN IM LEFT ALONE, OR WHEN I FLY IN TO HEAL THE ONLY GUY ON THE POINT
Dude, those are all false flags, because Trump doesn't have any supporters who are racists and/or nazis.
I thought we deported all illegals
forgot "not an fc" when someone misses a couple slider ends
git gud
we also use to have an amazing defense, not anymore
It's more discouraging that there are still people who obviously have done absolutely no research to figure out what really happened that day but still feel the need to insult the ones that have.
I agree, it is pure luck that he took his foot off the brake.
Won't even be close.
Wait crap
GG
OMG I knew it was a pedo ring!
That last panel looks like Nightmare from Metroid Fusion.
Lets make it happen
Exactly.
Name is an anagram!
Ah, the party of personal responsibility?
What are these *multiport-yet-svelte* laptops you are referring to?
It's gotten to the point that every time someone gets their dick out we all have a moment of silence for Harambe so don't think people are being awkward about the dick, they're just being respectful of the outness of your dick and the life of Harambe.
(The real) football:FC Porto Basketball: NYK
Literally unplayable now.
HWA*
Ah yes, perfectly ok to assault someone over words
The man buys dinner, the woman opens her legs after the man has bought enough dinners
still not taking off my kony 2012 bumper sticker, nice try!
Can I ask, what was management doing that drive you to quit?
You read my mind.
Welcome to the Hunter's Barrage life :)
i hope you dont do many flick shots
no, no, prove to me he's racist
Tutte di domenica ...
Yeah because studies are always accurate
This is fucking awesome, best thing i've seen all day :D
I just got into Edinburgh a few hours ago myself!
"Hey Dude, come check this out!"
Ohh, it's OC...wheew, I wasn't going to laugh, but now that I know it's OC I can laugh with a clear mind!
Poor woman, life must be hard without arms
I'd like to see what they'd say with a P100DL
Unless they meant both, the graphic said in the same season
piety or no calls
That movie was amazing.
I was borne in the 100 Acre Wood.....molded by it.
Snapchat with dog filter.
The way he's playing I can't think of someone who would top Kemba besides these guys
He's talking about rengar not syndra
Hey.. what you do in your personal time is none of our business... we don't judge here...
I know people complain about bachelorette parties, but this is a step too far.
For real though, what is this from?
Pretty much everyone, save for like 5-6 people.
Figures that you can't read.
Actually, Rowlet did pop TR's balloon in the Popplio/Lana episode.
Talk to u l8er bby
Why only 37?
Did Reddit just inspire another book?
It's probably just PR shit man I wouldn't worry about it lol
He is one of the greatest Americans ever, duh.
Targeting first time home buyers eighteen months in advance of the election seems like a great way to ensure a large amount of votes.
This is like actually good advice.
Walls and walls
Because you probably used your boobs to get that position over a more qualified man.
I think the original plans were to have the female SNL cast members play Goldberg.
yes very similar situation
Hillary supporters are out of control.
Let's go back to medieval times, when the church was still strong and a woman knew her place.
What offensive line?
Unfortunately you are getting downvoted straight to hell for posting that up :/ but hey post what time maybe ill check you out
When I click on a really interesting thread and there's a whole section of jokes that clouds up the interesting stuff.
Hello trustworthy person, can you also help evolve my shiny Haunter?
Heatwave is first, second, and third most wanted decal
No dummy she was french.
I need their addressed to research further.
Fuckin' Mark
I'm not even mad, that's amazing!
Sure thing bruh.
I'm almost positive the bonus applies to all nodes
LacieLaplante/LovingLacie on mfc
Oh I know, just didn't want to derail things by having to explain the concept of being 'intersex' to people who can't even grasp more than two genders.
Nice dong bud
Yeah, ground, side platforms, and top platform
Just a reminder: these are proposals, not draft features.
Isn't it normally the other way around?
Rockstar's official policy is that you will not be banned for unintentionally receiving modded money.
Whelp, looks like I missed out on a real bargain.
Clemmings?
so whats your final boss plot twist?
Ditto.
It is extremely well-done.
The bongo/percussion loops are dope as fuck but the other stuff is pretty average, especially the vocal one shots which are pretty much unusuable.
I wore jeans to my OWN wedding.
ITT: A bunch of people who can't understand when a good things over, with an inability to prove me wrong when I explain why.
Geez, can't we just all understand everyone's(KKK, nazi, alt-right, MRAs, idiotic protesters) feelings without taking into consideration the outright real harm one's personal beliefs and outright actions may cause?
Then ISIS makes damn good phones
Plz fix hirez thx.
r/crappydesign
Fake
ok-ish but +1 arrow would have been better
IT'S ONE OF ONLY A FEW SITUATIONS WHERE YOU CAN PEE ON YOURSELF WITH LITTLE TO NO REPERCUSSIONS, A MAN'S GOTTA LIVE A LITTLE
*join the dark side, young memeister....* We have legendaries
Guess you could say... **his legs were on ^FIRE after that**
yeah the post says vs top awpers
I love your art style
mojito
well yes that is true, but imagine his cockiness
The bullet would (potentially) get ripped out of the guy's body
Someplace somewhere, sixquatre is dreaming...
This is from the Panthers' official YouTube channel.
It's piracy, that's why they're losing money.
Well I love Mark Hamill, so I love you.
Someone check in on John Elway right now, make sure he isn't dead from laughter.
Because only men can condescendingly explain something..
What could go wrong?
Conflict of interest...NAHHHHH.
Worth it.
Yeah I'm pretty much banking on Romo being 2014 Romo and Dez being 2014 Dez... haha
oh my GODDDDD
Great been looking forward to the extended cut
Na man they gotta buff that automatico so it can shred everything at medium distance
Oh wow, it's looks like much of less inhabited parts of the US and Canada... Amazing.
They already have committed more than $24M over average going into 2017.
Cur Day Lain FTW!
Well I will look around I'm upgrading my processor soon too as its old and bottlenecks my gpu so I will probably just buy a monitor at the same time
F
Hillary Clinton will make a good president
You guys are a brotherhood brotherhood sticks together
Just remember, your franchise is nothing more than LeBron James' stepping stone to the NBA Finals until he retires.
NP
Me go face.
right 8 year old me found it un funny
Even by the low standards of hotel room art, this is pretty dreadful.
He got a skin, just look at what happened to ashe
Luckily they were right next to the pool!
Someone had to have recorded this, please lol
There's always Michelle
He used it!
I think it is, "is not quickly broken"
I call them carry ons but one is technically a personal item (either my laptop bag or a small back pack).
Brenden Dassey
I hear Hillary is planning on waging WWIII with WiFi signals.
Your Mom is allergic to latex.
and that's the origin to Planet of the Apes
JACK DOYLE HYPE
I did that sent it in and got another 20 then gave up.
Some signed the petition early and often!
I believe he is which is the whole reason NBC got Tirico.
I think that would just make them frustrating
are you asking rhetorically or because you genuinely don't know?
FIA CONSPIRACY OBVIOUSLY
Don't we have the best 400 lbs hackers, folk?
A cat is fine too
you normal get to see in the grave before its cast so you know to hold onto a skull-crack effect, also lots of lists dont even play gnaw to the bone.
As a fan I know all of his moves so just imagine what other teams know.
People downvote for the wierdest reasons.
It the guy wants to lose some elo for himself, it is surely better to play with him trolling a game and lose elo for everyone on a team, waste 30 min of your life and nerves, than just let him dodge this game for you and wait a bit more for a normal game.
To the NHS no less!
But Rapex with the most kills in that BO5 with a 66% headshot percentage.
what an ASSHOLE
He forgot
Why would you put a 'b' in dummy?
Brexit and Trump are reactions to 30 years of neoliberalism so it could be a while for you
For the keyboard make sure that you know about the different kinds of mechanical switches, then pick which one you think you would like, not just whichever one is most popular.
but but it does no damage!
Yes
Beat picks up around 0:15
Me too...
Daaang
We did it reddit!
The town quarry mined the raw materials for the first paved roads in the US.
I don't know... He probably already offed half his army for that sick power armor.
Ikaw?
Just pick Winston guys
It wasn't really DRM, but that just shows how the story lived it's own life.
only for filthy casuals.
When it comes to 40k euros often use ... *Imperial* huehue
That is rather funny and good on them for owning that.
Give those glasses back to the pornstar "librarian" you stole them from
What is funny about that.
It's used in the episode White Christmas.
Northside, easily Yishun and Woodlands.
I always thought the story compense for the gameplay on TeamIco's games, but on The Last Guardian it really looks terrible, i hope they'll be able to patch it
Um, well, it would be nice if she was white.
kek
Every country has ghettos or bad neighbourhoods, but none where the police wouldn't dare to tread.
Insert treat here!
Looks like someone else embraces trickle down economics.
So reddit only believes in rehabilitation when the person isn't a cop?
Are you telling me a conservative billionaire businessman with years of dodgy practices and no policies might not be going to improve things for the working classes the way he said he would
Maar weet je plekken waar het wel kan, waar ik geen boot voor hoef te kopen?
Such a brave single mother.
But you can't support her.
Well, I mean... I guess nothing for imitating Byakuya *specifically*, but I always figured the specifics didn't really matter so much as why he imitates 'someone' in the first place.
Due to a raging STD, I am short several digits to make an accurate count that you require.
NYT has zero credibility when it comes to Trump.
After the oil is depleted Dubai will never make it as a tourist destination unless they change these archaic laws.
You walked in the wrong neighborhood, whitey
And that is what we did.
Well a lot of folks on the alt-right believe in the FEMA camp conspiracy, so maybe we can send them there?
Because giving all the power back to the insurance companies is going to be tremendous, believe me.
Um it's a top selling VHS, how it is not considered proof?
After watching the entirety of Archer twice within 2 months I'm convinced Qrow is just the Remnant version of Archer when it comes to alcohol honestly
That's offensive to potatoes.
I didn't see it fall in on itself like a flan in a cupboard I think you may have Ming mixed up with someone else.
You just have to remove 1/3 of the 3ds cartridge with scissors before you inserted into your 2DS
This is the last push I needed to finally move on to Windows 10
lol he was such a mohamed
Oh just shush and take my upvote :p
So much talent... I just feel he will need to sort out is funky forehand takeback at some point, it will be a limiting factor eventually as he gets into the top 50 as opponents will be able to rush him
So where's the downside
Just keep grabbing the minions.
Oh, Oddish... My first shiny... Sorry man, that sucks.
Yeah, he got shit on... And that lee sin told him in all chat, what a nice guy
Do Alabama's losses not count?
Macedonia is greece, the people are bulgarian.
Well yeah, but if we did do something about climate change, what would we tell the shareholders?
Nah, Labors negative gearing cut was going to crash house prices and make them more expensive, don't you know?
do they not?
Imagine those bycicle kicks
I'd rather "whine and quit" than try to commit suicide from overwork.
No , that's clearly an oyster
You forgot to put **bold** on the **special** part!
I'm so sorry
You can't buy people!
10-0 baby
Nick Halden
In a similar survey 72% of Native Americans think things have been worse since the 1750s
No, I don't think the problem is linked to NTR, but it's what made me go check if luma had been properly updated.
This is ruining America
i prefer ankers battery packs over morphie cases
Not even that good
Maybe look into the Twister, that shotgun is very potent especially on Shock Gaige.
Aisline Suicide on SG.
Only thing real in that picture is the booth.
Look at this guy.. with his so called LIFE figured out.. jeez
It's funny how people want realistic depictions of things on a show that's about the dead coming back to life and ending the world.
Isn't he a jetpacker?
My mistake then.
I think it's important to qualify any mention of his name with "raving lunatic"!
draw a card tho I can see some value there
k.
But the Paris agreement will keep us below 1.5*C right?
Surly you are not referring to that 'lowlife' Daniel Sedin?
why do they look at the Yezid as kufar?
As of now, in Fort Lauderdale pretty much nothing, last week saw more rain than yesterday, but better safe than sorry.
This attitude is the reason why Donald Trump won!
Or a pact to win favor with the parole board
Well since apparently Brietbart is literally the *only* credible news source in the world, I'm inclined to believe you.
That's obviously a blueberry.
Yes, because being a rotten mother is something only a poor woman can be.
Must've been from a jackdaw.
you lost this
Long but good read.
It will be emailed to you after the tournament, as long as you participate.
And it gets everywhere!
yes, but it's the contents of my stomach instead of semen.
I get that the fight was indeed kinda lame and cut short cuz of Naruto playing the hero, but sometimes I like to think that it was intended to be that way not because Choji and Ino are completely useless, but because Shikamaru had planned it all out (the part after he flips his shit in Shogi with his dad) and wanted to keep the two of them as safe as possible.
It was his turn
The real LPT is always in the comments.
I'm glad you got help brother, I went through depression too.
The night the true p4p king was discovered
Such a shame that the same company got all our money regardless!
Because of the capital gamma.
Yeah mostly, it can increase pvp damage by like 1 or 2 sometimes too though
Winning the electoral college in an election, but not the popular vote.
Redditors *really* want to undermine ~~this nice gesture~~ everything.
As someone who enjoys the Elusives and Escalations, I'd rather they just do both.
I can see why you'd think that but he's still playing actions, which is to say acting, to bring the character to life just as much as his cast mates are for their respective roles.
But what of the computer stores that charge $150 for virus removal?
Watch out guys, we got a badass over here!
This makes it seem like it's the Pokemon's type, not their moves.
We can only pray
Hey, it means she thought you were actually worth something, since you were being "selfish" for not spending time with other people.
If her age is on the clock...
And you become a future cuckold.
How do you know he's a redditor?
Worth it for sovereignty!
yeah we elected trump.....hell call them for what they are.
i thought it was LGTBBQ?
Trumps not gonna take us into war like that hawk hillary.
White women?
I have a dirty mind but if you read this out of context...
You're fired again.
After my 990FXA mobo died I moved to the blue side... now I got a i7-6700
Baron Batch, is that you?
Men/white people don't have culture though!
Can we get a side bar pic going now of Russ's face on Kurt Russell's body on the cover of escape from LA
On the bright side, if you comb through it for a few hours a day every day and post the "good stuff" all over reddit you too could get a million karma!
Wow Obama, homer bias much?
White people just feel left out, they want to be oppressed too!
and here I went in my google calendar, set a reminder at 0:00 GMT so I could see when the time here was.
I have scoreer and tactician
How does it feel to be freeloading off of us non-solar electricity consumers?
Oh I'm so sorry sarcasm is apparent in text, it's not like people use a common shorthand to indicate it so they don't sound like idiots
I figured everyone would say us
found the vegan
Reminds me of my Italian grenade hound, really any animal with those long levered back legs has serious speed
Your right I shouldn't have been so broad with that, I guess I was more referring to these fat "nice guys" not over weight people in general
Ass whooping commences in 3.. 2.. 1..
I'm certain that insider trading will totally be investigated
*does not apply to cam newton
dont talk about memes like that you bigot i bet you're alt right
Cuck is my favorite
1982 here we come
Why you gotta call him a dick?
It would be boring either way!
In this thread: Everyone I know is voting for Bernie, so he will win!
Not automatic enough for BF1 tho
Gotta pay for the wall some how
Found the pizzagater.
Oh good.
Yeah, when he suggested banning them all from the US he meant that as a compliment.
His stats are still mediocre, which prevents him from being a power player in the meta, and relegates him to the only real niche he has, making use of Bubble's high Defender DPS to be an A~B+ tier defender.
if youre up with them and your opponent has nothing bench them
Stop spreading your Chinese hoaxes.
There are guaranteed legendary mons that WILL spawn during your first run through certain story stages.
I think what could happen is that the bomb does blow up in BM's face, turning her against the Germa 66, which would then make them engage in a war or something, allowing Sanji to escape.
They must all be racist misogynists.
This phone is only 2 years old, it's too early to state that it will not die.
Isn't the battery life better on the S3?
Yeah right like you wouldn't jizz all over yourself the moment you saw a real man.
i just suck it up, sometimes it drops 20 + frames but just for a short period, the game is so good anyways
he must be really pro
Grab it fast
Kitty.
so he only gives a damn about drake night
We upgraded through the files on the ISO on the Volume Licencing Center via SCCM.
How much the process you are supposed to support is broken, unless you have been asked to do so.
This was stupid.
Damn somehow disabled people..
So you don't do that?
better saying nothing than this cowcrap
Didn't happen bro!
You are forgetting half redditors are neck beard who's living in their mom's basement
Well this directly assists the SAA in Palmyra and just is further proof that the ultimate goal of the US is to destroy and neuter ISIS contrary to conspiracy theorists beliefs.
Just give it a year or two then they will be second to the US.... MAGA
innervate
iirc it costs 12 until you draw it, then the cost reduction is applied
youtubes a tool, not a ongoing contracted job placement, but i get what you mean :D
We had a LS that looks like a GS (tenebra), now we have a GS that looks like a LS..
I spent a while trying to figure out where it landed and I couldn't find it...
Gillette is probably built on an old Indian burial site, should probably tear it down and check
you left of the
I ordered via the online Apple store on the 18th of this month and I have the same expected delivery date :( Oh well, it'll definitely be worth the wait I guess.
Are you... in a prison?
*for context*
I though he had steak.
I thought you paid for the girls to sit on you?
Are you, how, hello Yoda.
Or when they are typing using just two grease covered index fingers, demonstrated by mustang.
It's clearly a coverup.
Yeah, don't y'all wear cowboy boots there?
Filthy liberal!
Well you have Google I'm sure...
FBI: "Having contingencies for rioting, while evidence of some crimes, no reasonable paid off prosecutor would prosecute."
The Last Airbender did it pretty well
D. A. R. E.
It's bacon
When are you going to acknowledge the fact that Trump is the first President-elect who is openly in favor of same-sex marriage?
Because he's a leftist who makes "art" that leftists enjoy.
give it up for the one and only
Not to mention, China created global warming
Thin Red Line!
Probably concentrix
I've never had that issue with any watch I've worn besides the Christopher ward c60.
My mental problems stem from being lonely so the solution to my problem is the one thing my problem prevents me from having... :/
Woosh?
Ah that makes sense, my bad
Respect, I'd love to do that but my body won't let me ignore that red icon...
And steak was originally food for poor people because they marinated it in chamber pots for a week before cooking it for 10 hours because they were scared that the bovine ghosts would come for their revenge
Yeah the police definitely would not DNA and fingerprint a random kg of coke if they found it lol
My aunt actually wore a gas mask to my other aunt's wedding because it was in a bar and she's allergic to smoke.
I'd like to know how you define a superstar.
yeah, increasing GDP growth never helped anybody
Men are just as bad.
im no economist, but i would figure he probably has done the math there...
Jae Crowder and a nets first... who says no?
keep your outside the beltway crap outside the beltway!
yeah, but she was probably rolling at them menacingly
sounds like liberal shit to me
I hear enough amateur drumming at the store I teach guitar at
Yeah, sending dick picks has really done wonders for Anthony Weiner's career.
I'm sure higher cost high health minions would work out pretty well, maybe even taunt or give taunt minions
How will I know when to run if I don't see if anything is chasing me?
Just don't get hit by it then
THOSE FOOLS THEY SHOULD BE USING MASTERY GEAR!
Correct.
Fun story, Windows Server 2012 was made with touchscreens in mind.
Waiting for the 6 Mana Mage Spell Deal 5 damage to all minions.
What about pulling an off-banner BSB?
Calling it "an imaginary character", as though it's disassociated from the bit of a cunt controlling said character, is similar to saying if someone texts you and calls you a cunt, that you shouldn't be miffed because it's an imaginary letter.
Kudos to you.
Male pandaren
RNG in a skill based game...
Well, it's hard to fault the logic...
Craft only witcher gear, love decoctions, when in a fight a good tactic is one or two attacks then immediately dodge, try to focus on signs aside from queen as it makes you lazy and finally, enjoy every single moment of this experience
Dang we should trade his ass
There's also the new multi class card.
You forgot the
he really should have stamped his little designer feets harder and the ppl who have the say would have never released it this way....
I just got my key
\**Attempts to comprehend article that doesn't fit the Trump-hating narrative*\* That doesn't look like anything to me.
How's your mate Clegg and Farron doing?
You shouldn't comment if you don't understand how dangerous he is to players' safety.
If you're not doing anything wrong, you have nothing to worry about
Are you saying you would take free Afghani healthcare over Insurance/Pay out of pocket American healthcare?
Yeah, I also sit on my bike when I fill it up.
I'm not really sure what else she did in 8 years, I think she told fat kids to go outside and run?
Someone got a short girl complex...
Just send us somewhere warm, just send us somewhere warm *sees Annapolis prediction* Fuck.
oh yea you're gonna see him with his head on his foot watching movies while you're at the grocery store or something.
The Nintendo Switch!
Just crazy enough to be believable
Well is it a sport or an art?
r
This needs to stop.
needs more spacers
Oh yeah it's gotta be him
The solution was always called two states for two peoples.. Who do you suppose those two peoples are?
I'm sure he'll be able to blackmail the university into making his company the preferred choice
She's easing up the grip of the pistol.
Ayon sa mga ka-DDS, there is no Davao Death Squad!
oh no, how will you ever survive
How the "great and abominable church" actually *is* the Catholic Church and all those weirdos in gospel doctrine were right all along.
Don't forget, you also save money in heating.
The really religious only have power because of the majority who, while only paying lip service to religion and rarely go to church, still support the more committed politically.
Who?
Where did Jedd Gyorko finish in voting?
You just lost nudes privileges you slutty attention whore
Pitlord's butt wrecking slash.
whatever
What, is it, weird, for one, sentence, to have... eight, commas, and an, ellipsis?
You can do my morphology homework for me
Shangri-La, when Takeo gets penetrated by one of those spike traps.
I feel like he's the kind of guy who would surround himself with the right advisors.
probably on bath salts
...and then keep him on the bench so Diego will win golden boot.
Fuck that, if you fight Hall in a street fight just stomp his fucking head when he does his rolling shit lol.
What do you need to verify?
Good thing it is only confined to that small box...
Theres nothing left to take.
He didn't mention the two crocodiles its resting on.
Test
the ass hole has spoken.
What.. i get it everyday too and i love it
Crabbe, Harkless, maybe Ed and all the first round picks
Southern English is a vernacular disease.
PR gold, god tier damage control by Sanjay.
Yes.
First guys username also made it obvious
I'd bang
See, a prod deshbhakt is now asking for a source on rindia.
So tell me how Because there's a girl on the bus that sits diagonal to me and we're separated by gender and I want sum fuk tell me
Take a new tekts (printed little cards) worth 5 pesos back in the days.
Nothing to do with anything.
He was our glorious leader, Lord of the Dreadfort and Winterfell and Warden of the North, until he was poisoned by his enemies.
This guy keeps my hopes up.
You mean women, not people.
And the toilet goes flush!
I personally don't miss the old designs, it felt cheap, I really like the design of the Fury X, R9 Nano and RX 480.
Make sure to bring your upside down crosses
Had to call OSHA
2016, TLDR: "And then it got worse"
aw man that sucks.
Didn't know you could scroll the chat
Her Armpit's Really Musty
Also because we know GGG is great at releasing balanced skill gems.
"Rainz2much" YUSSSS
Ah
tier 3 deck = op got it
Jon Snow is a host.... Hence how he came back....
You're next.
You forgot the
Imaginary :c
Sure...
Do you have a poisoning neighbor?
Cool
It's Putin's falut.
Didn't think I needed to
Of predation?
Except they already had their Christmas party before the Everton game--this is just another thing that shows Cross has fallen very much out of favor with Arsenal
No.
Bone is my new bae, he can bone me any day
More likely she will win the popular rope.
Syz... did you just appreciate a pun?
Show us how your frame is strong and you're in control again.
Art is in the eye of the beholder, but these mock up shoes are in shit taste /thiswholesubreddit
But he's black and trump is racist so he can't.
Ive played X3 like a bazillion (exaggeration) times and ive never known this.
But mah chikn fingas!
Other people aren't allowed to have fun, that's clearly agains my interest!
It does when you're driving in the UK where we drive on the opposite side of the road and go the other way around roundabouts than the rest of Europe and most of the world.
The ball hit him in the hands, he catches better with his junk.
"I know you are, but what am I!?"
But your opponent is "Crooked Hillary," so why are you the one who is so worried about fact-checking, Don?
If the members didn't clean toilets, where would the church get the $40 million/year to spend on humanitarian efforts?
Aha, that's why whites are hated now, it's the fault of the Jews, again!
#FirstWorldProblems
They are the second best team from a region that sent two teams to the semi finals last year, going 0-3 is a let down.
I too am a fan of fiction
Yeah all those national debates and no one asked.....
Cause he was the reason the Devils lost
Where's the
jesus is looking into your soul.
No no no, everyone knows only white people can be racist.
Right, because we don't have any examples from history of people being herded into camps because of their religion.
The second pic he sent was the one he "ment" to send, which was just a g rated pic of him hiking.
Those were people... How callous to bring a garbage truck.
Alt-righters
Nah, it needs more *secret* codenames and elitism
This is brilliant!
This looks amazing, but I know 2 hours after eating all of that I would be wolfing down a burger.
This is why platform exclusives are a poison to the entire community.
idk i find it fun making the enemy jungler and adcs life a living hell
0161 born and bred.
cool
I can't even imagine what they're going through, an old carpet like that the poor sods
Yeah, one of my games I went kinda wild with the bouys and it was just a bother, especially when they block the view of animals that are hunting you.
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
The whole thing?
Nice find ~~pupper~~ badger
Rumors say the sucker punch engine, same as Infamous series.
Nah, it's just that I'm as a part of the entitlement generation are very lazy and not hard working enough like the older generations used to be.
255 is not the max round in zombies in spaceland!
"Dear Grand so called Tour..."
that's OK, robots will take over the jobs of the fish too.
Devil's advocate: Perhaps she hasn't heard Peterson's full opinion on the matter?
Yeah it takes a lot of balls to support the president.
Maybe so, but there's more than enough to know who is the worst....I'm looking at you Cleveland
*mandatory comment about inability to speak Japanese*
That's interesting I didn't know that, didn't mean offend so many people with my comment lol.
Climate change
Exist
* Roman ruins other faces and heels * Roman sucks * WWE sucks Just need something about the creative team and out of touch Vince to make it the complete package.
BUT ISIS IS LITERALLY GOING TO KILL US ALL IF WE DONT SPEND AT LEAST 700 BILLION A YEAR ON BOMBS!
Lol I had some funny ones and haven't been on reddit for awhile, hope you enjoy them :)
Discovery Park
Nothing but net
I'd guess Denver
Yeah, poor guy is just looking for the working man
Who doesn't?
Yeah, I have shadowplay record the last 15 minutes of gameplay just because MWO matches last 15 mins tops and for once it actually made sense haha
You have to be married to have a wife someone else can fuck... and chickens don't count.
Dental floss!
Good pull dead meme
Derp.
Debian is pretty darn stable and lightweight.
Hey if that streamer wanted to win he wouldn't have streamed
Gates
no problem I always upvotes someone that's downvoted
I had that experience through trailers, but then someone swapped the inputs, and suddenly everything was properly focused in depth.
Another great article from the lefts tabloid
Marchand has been amazing.
Or at least Cro-magnon, Denisovan and Neanderthal.
Next time I see an antifa with a boot tread patterned into his head, I'll tell him that feminism has gone too far, just for you.
Also know as the Fallopian Tubasaurus for Nova fans.
OP's mom
Because trump is literally Hitler and will kill us all.
Incorrect, polls were split and it was very close.
You never have enough tickets in case you chase after LE :P *Saltier gate intensifies*
Didn't jerry hire full time guards to watch Dez early in his career so he wouldn't fuck up?
Rito is one step ahead of you there with redemption.
I've got lime sunbursts as well, but they're brighter than forest green.
Homeless person.
NIKOLA NURKIC IS BETTER THAN JUSUF JOKIC
Top 3 at worst with Philly and Minnesota IMO it goes Wolves - lakers - philly
This is why people voted for Trump!
His final typing is grass/ghost
Fucking start with morning Joe please.
Thank you for a very informative reply
Really depends on how windy it is
Just change the name of the title to something more appropriate- the Big Boy Hoss Title
Who said god isn't an alien?
Build quality, slow or no updates, and they push out phones very quickly so probably no support after a year.
This is not always true Imagine feeling like you have to pee really bad for hours on end with no relief Home free my ass
After his inauguration, Trump figuratively raises his middle finger to the Republican establishment, and ... Nominates former President Barack Obama.
This is truly the most important post ever on Reddit.
Considering that using an AutoPen meets the burden of an actual signature on a Constitutional level I would guess that your objection about *autographed memorabilia* would without merit
or maybe she asked him a question
A lamp.
My drug dealer doesn't have a car.
It's so much more fun to drive
Hell he was probably talking about his team mates and it was just bad timing.
What does it look like when you're not trying to avoid being reactionary?
Unless they talk shit about white people*
Yes on Eleague YouTube channel
She could get a job teaching people how to pronounce french words wrong.
How many freedoms units is that?
That's all fine and dandy until one of them gets its heart broken, then you're dealing with like, 1000 times the murder.
Yes i know i was playing brawl and got my 1000th win that way.
Color is backwards.
That's some next level man skills you have there.
My $120 corsair psu begs to differ.
There are better places, with less people, and cheaper as well.
That's fatphobic
Lol it's alright when it's all white.
gandma crossed right over to the afterlife
*Knocks on window* FTFY
Well, one thing we know for sure is Trump is a man of his word.
Like ISP's recording everything you do on the internet for a whole year just in case... just... in ... case...
You're worse than Stephen A Smith man.
Agreed!
Thank god!
This guy fucks
It's snowing up here in Houghton!
To prevent being an authoritarian state we must vet anyone who intends to stand for public office, make sure only the right people are in charge.
He turned into a tree
Gilf?
No, the screen has been on when it freezes.
No that was Lardarius Webb, safety.
How autistic are your children?
Oh right how about 4 keys then?
I for one am grateful that they are catching these monsters.
Right, but if we don't sleep with whatever guy happens to be interested, then our standards are too high.
Or because I just don't find her likable
They would kill less people if it was regulated and people actually knew what they were getting.
Hindsight is 20/20!
I could sense the sarcasm!
We all know what else is small of yours!
I only listen to NPR, Ben Shapiro, and Town Hall Review.
Welcome to Indiana...
Berba spin, always useful.
You're learning that just today?
0/0 doesn't equal 0 god dammit.
I like this meta.
That's helpful when someone's played 20 hours with a mod before realising it breaks something
English D, greek S, D, T English G, greek G, F, R this is fucking gibberish.
If a catapult destroys the core and no one is around to see it, does it win the game?
BRB, gotta go watch a couple of episodes now!
B-b-but you don't pay their subscription!
Droge humor is voor Belgen, wij hebben vochtige memen.
Metaphor for Colin Kaepernick to fight against the machine?
I believe in this, that is why I send my kids to catholic school
i guess i really do need the
An Amazon sales rep *would* be posting in this sub about what a pain Chromecast is.
To add to this there are also various Root apps that can tinker the time to turn on doze mode.
I loved restoring my old phones and running redsn0w because my friends thought I was some elite hacker
affect*
The port is quite good.
You think that scumbag puts two seconds of effort into anything?
It's a prank of sorts
Not convenient enough sadly.
You forgot to add
All these time line it's so confusing -Deadpool
But but but, everyone says that not voting means that I'm part of the problem!
How the fuck is this so far down?
Seeing the big RSI package at the bottom makes me hopeful for when its Aegis' turn that we'll see the Armada Package once more :p
Wow that was a really impressive load
Four and Counting...
Yeah we should just ignore statistics altogether cause they are all bullshit.
For the love of god I hope they ask that orange idiot about this in the next debate.
Humor me, why?
Yes.
Hey, the US is a superpower too, you know.
So assuming one had a jack and stilts and put the car on stilts, it should be fine right?
No, once they don't get that sticker, they'll realize how silly it all was
Joke's on you, I scanned my pinky toe while setting it up.
No, I expect it would be huntable.
No.
mostly depends where they are at in their molt cycle, if you did it early on then they can take months to fall out and months more to re-grow.
they're simultaneously looking for stray phone numbers, as well.
He's saying the idea is taken from someone else, and that none of those models are yours.
Skips is dresssed as the main character from They Live.
nothing new here - both Donald Zika Trump and Mike Ebola Pence have taken the art of blatantly lying to a new level.
Whoosh.
Man fuck those biden memes being spammed by normie fb pages are annoying as shit Even worse are the people falling for it, they all think he's some cool dude.
Seat thyself upon the bike, shinji.
that's exactly what it reminded me of when i first placed it
Subversive socialist propaganda
you're already dead
While massive infrastructure and social programs are undergoing for the benefit of generations to come.
Nobody remembers this
Doot Doot Child Grabtits
They'll have to throw her in the bunker like a side of beef.
I'm halfway through Webber's book right now, really great stuff.
Sell it.
But their expensive recording equipment that takes up a person's worth of space is disrupted by it : (
Daddy needs some discipline and Cardinal Burke's gonna be his dominatrix.
Arrizona?
I LOVE Mitsuwa!
"Fuck" - all parties involved
0/10 needs more altri
You too.
B-But it's different because Trump is a winner and all those other presidents were losers.
Pipkippy special *Gone Houdini*
Great maybe Bill should just buy NK, fire Kim Fatty and hire the population to make his medicore product.Dictatorship finished.
"It's for planes!"
Damn you gotta be a host to know that many instruments
When in doubt, remember your transfer number, if it does mess anything up, you can just restore your account to your device.
This time it does, every sphincter makes a sharp clapping sound.
Just wait and see, give him a chance!
kuch nahi hoga bhaiyo.
Es mucho pedir ver llorar a una mujer moderadora?
Probably blizz have enough with "no 2 tank plz" bullshit like that
Little UK or British girl would have fit better in the title, although if she was American, it wouldn't be in English
That could then be misinterpreted into one in 7000 since there are 7000 one in a millions (give about 500)
But Israel is just defending itself
All from the fall treasures i assume, except the rares
Most defining factor in being shot by police is sex, not race.
Statistics are racist
Haha, capitol of the mob for decades and hoobajew thinks there aren't safe-houses full of throwaways... LOL
All hail Saudi monies.
Is it bad that as a resident of the USA i feel like those prices are pitiful?
We're running out of steam just like Trump's campaign is.
"stream of consciousness"
Gold medal for healing Mei
Unless they play sec, then I root for a meteor.
Well 15 times $1 is still only $15
Triggered
Of course it was a team effort, but it is no coincidence that they are doing so much worse this season when he was the only big name to leave.
I've become more enlightened than the people I surround myself with.
Yep - lawfare
I think it sounded *exactly* like him trying to fake a deep old man voice and not doing a particularly good job at it.
Jesus Christ not every decent to good Widow play is an aimbot.
You should totally record the intro so that we can see what you're talking about :)
But, but, Trump and the Banana Republicans said they could.
It's not like the players have anything to do with making the NFL a billion dollar industry so why pay them?
18 on Maxx, 14, Denko, 2 on fiend, 11 on 101.
Which, by my calculations, I can expect to get in 2026.
Just hang in there, when you're 14 it's get somewhat better
He's totally the reason they lost 51-48 vs Denver
You guys had RG3
how do u select to place wards and predict enemy lanes?
awe
The new iWatch can double as a squirt gun now
I don't really care for the plot of this, I mean shouldn't the guard be in there helping out?
Yeah, I mean, what inovations have Musk or Tesla ever been responsible for?
I'm sure those other politicians would never lie.
60fps with 970 on Black Ops 3... You sure you are not locked ;?
its not just about balance of a character, but people learning to use her
Delanie Walker mad that Adams didn't get out of the way
Fuckin pc players and their cheats graphic hacks, should be playing the game how the developers wanted.
Dude we're 6-5 on the brink of the playoffs, we're not the 49ers.
They are already allowed to vote
When it does launch in NA will you be posting another announcement?
Probably a funnel web or two crawling behind the other side panel
Used to be Teemo.. then Draven on a particular April Fool's Day...
No he told you them because they only show T1
Yeah, unlike how the civil rights movement had all the white folks on their side.
I think revolvers existed in various forms around the world, in some cases earlier than the 2nd amendment, but it seems most were using single shot rifles around the time the 2nd amendment was written, in the US at least.
Shitty end to a shitty year
Pretty sure that's an octagon
Can't wat til I get a dog and name it Avon Barksdale
You mean the Trump Pacific Partnership, it's going to be big league deal
Just wait until the run is getting shut down
This is only beneficial when your a young boy.
There is only one "The Game" and it's OSU-Mich Yous guys don't count
You don't understand liberals can fight back, that guy from Hamilton asked Mike Pence to be nice and that's pretty dang brave of him.
Whatever, surrender monkey.
All the ones that missed didn't register that's so unlike the m16
With flinch as bad as it is I'd say aiming for their shoelaces isn't a bad tactic to get headshots.
It was a positive review too like what was the point
They were first half, they have since switched teams
ty tall friend
I'm down
And this is why it's important to be in a Union - even if just to have some support in tackling situations like this.
Daniel Tosh.
what is this?
You forgot the
Even neurons?
But how does it handles anything harder than wax?
same gotta find the wisdom to life so i never have problems
The whole movie is unrealistic to an insane degree...I don't know a Caveman being thawed out and awaken seems plausible.
that's fancy talk for real thin-like
Maybe it's like Black Ops, and Raven is just Qrow's imagination!
Yeah, last gen players totally missed out
gilbert arenas would like a word
Clearly you've never watched Fairy Tail
What are you talking about, liberals don't have jobs.
It only counts as stupid if you dont have the right opinions.
We usually give New England the benefit of the doubt .....cause it's New England.
I like fights- HARVICK, Kevin
Done that, boring just shitting on everyone I play against.
Didn't see that coming
Move along people, nothing to see here.
you are joking ...right ?
Done any stress testing on how many sessions it can take with those specs?
What age we live in, even gold coins can be infected by computer viruses...
Foxy is good guy
It's rigged.
The confederate flag is not a racist symbol!
I've never even used a Garchomp.
Why would you assume either one way or the other?
Jesus :(
Ooh come on can't even get a Pp goal on a empty net
That's so fetch.
You can tell because they're white
It's really hard to be positive about Blash at this point.
Thats what I was thinking, they're just stalling
Pretty good art but no glasses on the Mei makes me a sad man.
How do we know they won't?
Then cut half the roster.
You could ship it directly to me so that it cuts costs to both of us
Well if they sell routers as well then they could just have a separate connection for each TV, or hooK them up together and have one super internet connection.
What soldiers do on vacation is their business
Of course, we should all be free to choose our own path to accepting Jesus Christ as our lord and saviour
Bears
I'd check anyone out if they're 40% taco.
Drumpf is president and hitler and hitler is bad and drumpf is bad and president hitler is bad thats why we can't let hitler drumpf lead us into cheeto ww3 so we have to bomb russia so hitler drumpf doesn't destroy the world
That's a great reason to start doing drugs
Morton may go out of business since everybody can now survive on the left's salt
Yeah because anyone who authorizes double tap drone strikes is going to draw a moral line at torture
isn't New-52 Lois in SuperWoman?
Hawks beat the Philadelphia Flyers in October.
Voted the same as Bernie Sanders 93% of the time in the Senate, and adapted a majority of his stances into the parties official platform--literally a Republican.
Omg Chrollo's post has zombie as a tag on it.
NOW **THIS** IS POD RACING
I've gotten to the point where I can stick my hand in 350F fryer oil if the oil is clean or not.
I fucking hate when the same dudes who accuse women of being overemotional are the man babies who punch holes in walls when they get upset.
Lucky the big boys are in charge
The rebels are just fighting for freedom...the poor rebels need support from the Erdogan regime
Nice
Must be some bad fish taco.
With eoc it'll be over in about 2 seconds.
It's a rifle thats black and scary, obviously
Watch late night shows.
Well, I'm sorry we can't ALL be Alex Forrest.
We all know the NFL has only existed for 50 years now, just as Jesus intended.
Be more modern
Amen brother!
Rylias and Courage of colossus and no remakes in Aram
Wow... That looks nice.
Next time put a few paragraph breaks into your incoherent rant so people might actually read it.
No it's volvo
The final game will not look like that.
The system scans CPIC everyday.
Pffft iggy jungle is amazing, haven't you used the CC and stun that makes his gank amazing....
Thank you Britain for your sacrifice.
Wow, why so racist?
Well where else would she be?
I wonder if they watch 'reality' shows because they're less made up...
Didn't you know the Nazis were also socialist?
I suck at it
Strawmen can be hispanic now?
But they represent the future of gaming and the end of PC master race dominance.
For real, what do you feed her op?
Simple fix, don't play pubs
I agree, playing Ignite at the finals isn't even as time or energy consuming as a concert, it's like 30-60 minutes.
It would be \#HerTurn though.
That was fast :)
Technically the first one would be poor planning on the rapist's part.
I'm surprised Adam Sandler bring that in.
This person knows how it is
Sounds like a very confused group at a BDSM club.
Relic system is better.
Also more atmospheric pressure, way high temperature, is basically covered in a cloud of acid.
Sure thing, good luck!
Only if you cook a turkey...
RoR is a bad example because streams, while higher object density, are way easier to read than cross screen jumps at 1/2 the density.
Should be.
Maybe the Human Torch if he doesn't fly away.
I'm sure there's plenty of things you can buy in shops that have been around for 16+ years
thanks for the reminder :(
And it has never ended in a fight.
Everyone always hopes for this and everyone is always let down.
See my other comments This was
We don't want to play against him.
Wait, you mean the teabag button can be held down?
I wish I saw this before I was home in Forsyth County wearing my slippers.
Yes.
Petraeus
Ah man, I was like go dude, you can make i- Oh, oh no...
sounds like a 17 yr old high on adrenaline, must have just got done lifting bro.
He never met with Obama.
This is good for bitcoin!
I think all search results are limited to 3 pages.
Frasier!
I play 1st person because I'm not a no-skill *CHEESER*.
Thanks for the constructive comment
He is so cute.
This is a repost
no helix use
I would greatly appreciate it
There was plenty of people bringing up Spartan Bob in this thread, hard to know who's being sarcastic without a
srsly
It's been adjusted... just give up on the anus obsession already!
Oh... well bye then :(
Yes, Benson for DF and the better torps + more HP
ok thanks
damn it...
A console?
me too thanks
Haven't seen these exact criticisms before.
I feel the exact opposite way.
I'm sure this is gonna be great for Ontario's economy
You can always count on Brad Wall to come up with the best solutions to our social problems!
I mean, at least they had the sense to plug the A/C straight in to the wall.
Depends on what your definition of 'is' is.
Its a prerequisite class for womens/gender studies.
I really like how they kept the Q nuke on yorick, albeit I think its a bit weaker now.
How very generous of him.
they listen to kanye west so of course they do d00d
Looks like it stayed the same to me.
Why is this here?
Sounds like a real fun guy to be around
A+ title
Nice try I know that's a *Transformers* poster with the Flash photoshopped in
I bet a 70th person was about to press charges, saw that, and decided not to
I heard STL needs a NFL team ...
cool
Yeah, they are still going on about HRC to distract people from Trump (???)
The ponytail man.
The trump foundation didn't pay the people in charge of Hillary's campaign to admit to crimes, bruh.
And the life of a Titans fan of disappointment and agony continues on...
Duly noted.
I'm going to guess that they aren't very active, use mobile, or kept forgetting.
maybe tag it gluten free instead?
Doesn't pressure heating have something to so with it too?
Killer was a bodyguard.
\#SigiIn?
So when they make.
Engkaulah apa yang kau fikirkan
You dropped this
The dessert collectable would have been better
Ahh, so that was what the whole Hamilton thing was about.......
Thanks for the trigger warning in the title btw
It reminds me of when someone asks you something and you're like "I don't know its just...." then you go on to explain what you said you didn't know lol
Well, Hillary was just as bad and people on the left are the *real racists*.
you forgot the
Marques has been known to play a few points with the Stevens guys during unsanctioned tournaments
You forgot this -
I feel like you forgot your
Smike, is that you?
Shrek.
Doesnt make it less funny tho
Either way he's wrong...
Because he's racist, only reason to do that.
In the darkest timeline, Shane went to OU
Was looking for this.
For some of us it's PUG or nothing.
All I could think of was bevis and butthead do America
I mean, how important could 5th Avenue really be?
Only thing better would be if you had severe congestion and pulling the booger out released a big pfffffft of air pressure that was trapped in your sinuses.
Yeah, it's when the ball snap looks weird and the refs gotta compensate for a bad call.
Yet the Ivy's regularly get $300MM+ donations and can't put a decent team on the field...
Super helpful reply.
i get that reference.
Careful calling them racist might make them mad enough to vote for Trump in 2020
Seems reasonable.
Guess I should've added
It is kind of interesting the ideal male physique has largely stayed the same after all this time while the ideal female figure is always changing
Pick up in all formats.
Did you leave the iron in the oven?
Haha he did the funny thing with the yes
Second the need for more 710
Assuming the story is solid, I worry about cheaper animation.
Used to be attatched to the Mental Health Response Team, i got quite good at listening if you need to talk.
Roses are red Violets are blue They don't think it be like it is But it do
This just totally made prime worth it.
I would assume that someone drove it out there.
Haha, that's generally my own feelings, I don't think I'll ever read half of these, but I like collecting them for the sake of collecting I guess.
where lupe at?
Erodgan seems more like a political commentator on Europa than president of Turkey... Everyday he shares his latest insight on Europe and the EU.
you're a waste of space if you don't spend over a thousand dollars on overhyped shoes price driven up by adidas and resellers bruh
Definitely not.
There is no up in space mate, who's to say which way is south
Nigerian Princes
It's a nonstory and you're a racist for suggesting otherwise!
Yes I did.
I really hope he does, it would be the final nail in the coffin for the Liberals.
ill try googling how to do that right now
Alice Lloyd is a classy lady
what they do to determine the grass color is they take all the shit that people make from shitting on the game in the subreddit, and then they fertilize the ground with it
If everything is OP, everything is OP.
My CP 10 Onix is now CP 11, so some of us are happy about the change.
Pee-wee Herman master race
Its the first movie I have ever walked on in theaters...
Thank you
What an insight!
Uhh ... Jesus was American
Stop spamming the subreddit Jeffler you're making me have to scroll down more for my shitposts!
Yeah but Drouin has a better work ethic than Crosby so obviously he's better.
May I interest you in a ~~slightly~~ heavily used Matt Hunwick?
Id assume youd get violently raped at some point if that's your method of survival
Sorry, but I don't see this as a great loss to humanity.
Not really that sad, lets us afford Horford
I've heard some pretty good things about the app, Strong.
Damn you
Fuck yeah dude!
We got us a secret plan We're going to go and slay your bro..
She hates people who make assertions without any factual basis.
They sound so self confident and assured.
Aaaaand IIIIIIiiiIIII will always love U
SCARY TERRY
They said white people like mayonnaise a few times so they're totally on par with this sub
The NYT spent 90% of the time talking about Trump and making headlines about Drumpf, they may not be unbiased but, they defiantly gave far more coverage to Drumpf.
Solid argument, as we have grown to expect from the rhetorical prodigy you undoubtedly are.
I forgot my
Well, at least it's 5 then 7 then 5 words.
Just another sign that this game is dying
Well in Miami people were smoking blunts like it was nothing so yeah I guess
And by "duke it out" you actually mean "run into it once and explode" right?
Tis
Straight outta goodwill
Wow kys yi crit opop others is trash
Naw man, people organising peaceful protests is exactly the same as this
Obama will be gone shortly, no reason to fear when orange-man is near...
Focus on federalism and devolved powers - exactly what the SNP should be doing right now anyway but the EU vote forced their hand.
Slow down, Killer B. I can't keep up with you.
What do you mean..."these" people?
Did you change team?
When you accidentally click repost instead of original content.
Issue is, I checked, and I don't HAVE a local Facebook group.
Mexi Melt, secret menu bruh
Nice, hopefully it won't have a cashshop
Danke
"It's Obama's fault for raising my pay in the first place" Gotta find a way to blame it on Obama
Is this her only NSFW pic?
Yeah, because Druid has always been the OP tier class
And optimism
Yeah but you can add a simple sharia law that says women must give sex to husbands, perfect!
The alt-right is the most inclusive group ever to accept a gay jew brit.
Yeah and have fun trying to report that claim to your insurance company
That's just because you're not even a medaling hospital, gotta go with the top 3
this is usually the right case, but it depends on what i'm trying to bait out so i can attempt to out tempo the extra evo point.
Actually it's a 66% chance of finding a male, a 12.5% chance of finding a female, and a 21.5% chance of it being male
But he has the experience!
Hail Corporate!
not until it is fully released
Shame Akagi said the same to Kaga, and only wanted you in her fleet just to cheer you up.
It looks like the frame is steel you could totally bend it and get it to fit.
We were dancing the niiiight awayyyyyyy
..fuck
But that just proves it's a different timeline!
I got this card from the first ebay sale but was not allowed to get a code, spent a while on newegg support.
Basicly gods
Well, I mean, we sit around and play on the computer all day....
That's a tasty looking countertop OP.
then why didn't you say that the first time instead of just saying "lol he compared ben and obj!!"
Oh can you please make an AMA with your vast knowledge of the WoW code base and how easy/difficult it is to patch certain things?
If you aim it stores three bullets allowing you to burst fire.
Your K/D must not be leet enough, fuck off n00b!
Nah he's too busy helping hundreds of people in his awesome, 6 figure private sector job, saving for his retirement all on his own, since, you know, Mexicans.
Sweden
Been playing pretty good and he was insane at Euros, him and Sanches were the best young players of the tournament imo
Aaron Rodgers sucks.
I dont listen to music i just prefer iphones... Although i would never use an iphone without a jailbreak
I think we are seeing them right here.
3rd, London is second.
Climategate?
Yes, there is a very high likelihood your friend will be the first person in history to die from smoking marijuana.
You are talking about Voodoo Jester?
My ribs hurt just watching that
It's Her turn.
A great way to get people on your side is to call them racial slurs...
Looks like someone forgot their
If you pick one the other locks up, and *most* of the path is linear so they're really easy to miss.
It's a commentary on the human condition, gaming truly is a transcendant art.
Traffic cone orange.
This made me laugh unnecessarily hard
This would be great - I doubt it would get the TV coverage it deserves, but I'd love to watch it.
Geek Squad?
Haven't heard that one before
Playing Around = Gambling I would advise to do some research and see what the experts advise and then diversify into a few as long as you get cheap trades.
breaking wards loses visibility so you should downvote, obv.
If that doesn't work, soaking it &amp; letting it sit usually works.
Wow, I am shocked!
Sure, easy for you to say, you coastal elitist.
Hey, I got to vote yes on this one.
It is
But do it in like blood or somethin so she knows you're serious
Hm, from what I see, you may have been able to make the turn, but your exit would have been slow had you not gotten the boost.
So tell me, then, how do you have a device that's 100% eco-friendly that can post on Reddit because I'm sure the business world would love to mass-produce/advertise it?
Or what if by then it's the robots that need to talk UBI for us?
Quit complaining, you racist.
Thank youOP for the giveaway and good luck on your stats class!
Sri Mulyani after Jokowi ye ?
I can't build it in dual coil mode and in tc mode anything over 300 Burns it, besides my bad skill i love this rda
I didn't say anything that will get me suspended so why would he bother ?
That merch will fly off the rack in "Las Hockey's"!
Because patriarchy!
Blizzard should also add a trading system so we can trade skins and things like that.
Doing that right now!
~~Akchually it is called ephebophilia~~ Sorry, wrong canned answer... This is why Trump won, you libtard cuck.
Alot of raiders/chiefs fans were posting in our sub during the off season.
Do you ship internationally?
Celebrities and the media love him though!
Real words are made up too
Hope your boyfriend is okay with it
but it says "fingerprint", if I take a toeprint it would be a bureaucratic anomaly!
For the arcade trailer Riot literally said "Welcome to the GOLDEN AGE", if that doesn't prove NA LCS is rigged for CLG I don't know what will
Yea, fuck mirage players for using an optimal weapon, because no other part of this game is cheese
Can you do one for dijkstras?
Home of the Moss'
I'm so glad these tax dollars aren't going to something useful, like education or something.
Yea, I think this is the confirmed legacy prestige
Oreo
but he gets friendship bracelets from the VP so he's like totally the best president ever
you forgot the
I think he means that before tbc they were called high elves.
I'm soooo proud of my country.
That's consistent.
Choice, conservation and management are even more accessible, and very effective.
what's the difference, everyone knows the primary job of the police is to supress minorities anyway
you can change the colours too
Bern it down, anyone?
It's a state of mind
Sick controller aim dawg!
Now get out there and go kill some black people with dad!
so do i. and maybe if the browns see how much of a joke they have become some changes might come... but i highly doubt that
Sounds a bit like North Korea.
Zblock is the anti-cheat for esea, a hosting service for Counter Strike matches.
Most popular game with biggest amount of active players?
Which is why you'd have to secure the border prior to that.
It said weed.
Bamco could make the game easier
That must explain the growing population of religion in America
We should use the New Hampshire ratio
There was never a Zelda cartoon!
Take it to Gamestop and start over.
Gonna close this as it's very much so an issue with arch.
Lol yeah totally.
Deal with 3m using inferno miner where all musks target inferno as you drop miner to the back
:( I should be a crossfitter now
Maybe it's time for an upgrade, just in time for Black Friday too!
Well not if you believe the coal companies, who know that they could go broke paying their miners' medical bills if they ever admitted the truth, and have been keeping accurate diagnosis out of the court system...I mean, black lung is caused by scented candles and there isn't anything to worry about!
"And another thing also too", Trump has more political experience than Obama (if you don't count Obama's documented history of political service)!
A power outage at the Xcel energy center sounds funny.
Tbf, most of those who voted didn't know what Brexit was about, and they were also allowed to have a say
Well said, personally I'm pro choice however there's no doubt in my mind that someone is ending a life when having an abortion.
same way they dissipate into thin air at a shock game logic
Yeah it destroys his qol to have to aim from time to time...
There's virtually nothing to indicate the end or start of the maze.
Simmer down, yank.
Okay, I will do that *makes a note* I "somehow" guessed that already.
.. are .. are you serious?
Or Ulster
3 stars* FTFY
Typical...Givie the white people all the good jobs.
Girls are funny, get over it
You'd think you would have a back up or disaster plan in place for "mission critical" systems.
Buying used one piece at a time?
It's like I don't even know you anymore.
A strafe is cheaper and has the option of MX Silent keys, but it lacks media keys and the aluminum base.
If the returns are fake then how the fuck are they returning capital every 6 months?
Shout-out to Wideman and the refs for fucking us that game.
1/10 no muscle structure in arm to note
Yea doesn't get thrown at for 70% of the game and then gets beat once or twice, what a scrub.
Who were told theyd be paid
Yup
But the "a" is always "ass"?
for light, fam.
flair checks out
Idk why.. But tgis announcement makes me stupidly happy.... Like extremely happy :-).. I think mcdowell amd levine are a great fit
This isn't a personal attack but I always kinda scratch my head when I see mini pedals that aren't the clones made in China and cost at least half the price of the brand name gear...blind shoot out they sound the same and you get twice the amount of pedals for the same money.
its a shame America is next and rolls a 7.
You can't be racist towards whites, we have all the, uhh, power, I think.
so what you're saying is that you're still 21
It looks like it, but the easiest way to tell is to run your hand over it and see if it smells like rosemary!
Thanks Obama
White men taking the natives land again; guess old habits die hard
not a happy man, but le happy merchant
Vronos was the equivalent in his respective default games lol.
Clinton's entire campaign is attack ads so don't hold your breath.
You pussy... You are supposed to break any spirit she has with your intellect... That's how you get them to love you.
chigi chiga ta chiga ta hu ha
Yesss Yuko gets more screentime.
Just eat less smashed avocado and cancel Sky.
30k SPG, 25k green, 25k ED, 30k EDP... you have options
Galaxy S5 makes your point moot.
Good post, but you're assuming that Valve cares
The guy who moved out
Unless it is the grind we are talking about where there are only bad rolls that are being ended with "fucking finally" rolls.
Is this before or after making a geocities site using Netscape Navigator?
But you guys aren't even in the same conference, why would you hate the Giants?
Salty because Zimmer stole the eyepatch look?
Fuck you for thinking of the same thing I was thinking ten hours before I did.
Well...uhh..we have plenty of weeaboo shit and 10 dollar indies!
It's only men
Seems to me based on the threads I've followed over the last few days that the "rational posters" are probably more open to the possibility that JA is not "fine" now.
every podcats they talk about the new hitman update and dan hates it
Well, this is game informer, I think k the focus of the article was on the game franchise.
Too bad he didn't get this $100% true thing on video.
It works with HSTS and HPKP.
But but muh reviews are free speech...censorship!
so you can waste them all in ability card gatcha and get nothing useful in return
It was in reference to the show The League
What are some good pass rushing OLBs?
We are very happy
In Bronze, we hear "I do not tolerate cowardice" every game.
Maybe he REALLY likes Velcro.
49ers, God help me
Well he showed them.
Our allies are obviously realist.
gz!
Just out of curiosity, why would you remove this?
Seriously, so do they just expect this nurse to work 24x7 or let the kids who come in with heart issues (which is apparently a lot if this nurse has saved kids in that condition "a million times") die while this lady sleeps?
"Everything online is fake"
Probably less to do with a college degree and more to do with critical thinking skills and proper recognition of logical fallacies and ability to properly apply logic.
Yeah, and nobody will stop it between 2016 and 2024, you can take that to the bank.
I'm assuming you meant being but yeah definitely was
And he's secretly a method actor and legit amputated his arm off.
That requires installing it and setting all the settings *just right* again, when I could just ask someone's opinion who perhaps plays it regularly.
Damn just noticed I've been using NAM 31 haha
Silly shitlord, only brown people can be muslim
anecdotal evidence is the best way to support your argument
Yeah, the game is ruined because of the online.
hacks
this isnt gamebreaking at all
So... Stand up for Singapore?
ahh, who cares, its not like any of us use reddit
But he'll use The Hunt 1 v 5 when it really counts.
wenn du nicht dran glauben **willst**, kannst du die wahrheit ja nicht erkennen.
Cat.
Give it a week, if you redose you're still dopamine depleted, it will be wasteful and not get you high
Read G4 as C4 with the whole explosions thing
On the flip side, as a driver, do your best to be visible and predictable.
Unless the opposing pokemon has Unaware as its ability.
Years of liberal intervention is great success!
Then go back to your safe space in the_donald.
Never seen one of these before!
Spez should have just banned the_adolf instead of editing few comments.
60% actually pls, I can do that without hax
You spelled maga wrong.
If coach would have just put me in
There is also Vincent out there too.
I'm glad someone said it since I didn't.
There's been a lot in the midwest recently
Socialisation?
Eh, who needs immediate production from their first round picks anyways.
Little disappointed by the Warriors loss but other than that Christmas is great
I really should have, except that I'll be staying at her house until Saturday, and she's the kind of person that's easily offended (and cannot be argued with), so I'm just trying to keep the peace for a couple more days.
Download Microsoft visual studio
TFW the sidequest mon is more lore-relevant than the third legendary in the trio.
I like their potential to get Cyber Dragon Infinity and Red Eyes Flare Metal Dragon onto the field
You will get a taste of it in all stars.
Why the hell would they add a feature that was present in DS2 ?
This is bogus, the Clintons never did a dishonest thing in their lives
I don't see the list.
What's with the deep black lines?
What a surprise
Why not melt it all down and cast it into an ingot?
Wouldn't want people getting confused about that Cloud character
And then a 40 minute gap between games.
He's not black
She must be some elon musk technological genius to have put this all in place so fast!
Car mechanic 2015
WARIO IS GOD
This is past click bait to blatant lying for clicks.
"Pepperoni and cheese."
I hate it when people use a public space in a completely normal, unharmful way, ugh!
Honestly, McDavid will be great this year assuming health.
get a better pet.
Restart Steam and if necessary your PC and try again.
That's an excellent way to respond when someone mostly agrees with you.
its xis/xer/xemself you ignorant bigot
Looks like a zippo lighter fluid holder.
We already have Bran
Why you need to cut ties with UK - just remove the provision to have Queen as the Head of the State.
I wish I had built and entered this in the competition, it would do disgusting things to the robot I actually entered.
But they changed it though!
Shame :/
Wait how did we go from religion to military
ohayousoro with a keirei to everyone i meet, regardless of time of day
Yeah I understand should've put a
and the fact that if there is any kind of power dynamic involved with the older party, then the age of consent is back at 18 (at least in the ACT).
But corporations *are* people
If only.
Sounds to me like you helped them out by giving Manning some rest...
Ah yes, the Super Soaker approach to hygiene.
Hey do you guys still own slaves?
This year my aunt called the First Lady a baboon and I had not had enough wine yet to deal with that.
Oh yeah, did you do that thing where one person would say words and the other would respond?
The original video was probably 15 minutes long, unfortunately I cannot find any reuploads of the video, it is completely gone :(
im gonna create a culture where all numbers are unlucky so that nobody has to do math
It's a good thing that corporations are people or I'd be pissed
They can go and mope in garage like a man does and suck it in.
Yeah, Russia!
I changed my statement to reflect your statement.
You mean... Google?
I think that was "took over Texas"
I never had a one night stand, it's more of a few days at least; usually still in bed with them the "next day".
Is your CPU at 100% when you play bf1
Nice build
Oh ok.
{Special A} - is the only one I know that has almost the same exact setting minus the keeping it a secret.
Wow... I would have never known this if it weren't posted on Reddit 37027 times today.
If I were in Star Trek, I would make the best Barclay.
don't fuck it up bro and no,teletubbies costum is not a good choice for potential first date.
I'm afraid to get the medic patches because I don't want normal people to assume I can do something medical irl.
ARE YOU ASSUMING XE CAN'T BE ANYTHING ELSE ?
What where Rosberg destroyed Hamilton in one of the most one sided seasons in formula 1 history?
And by what standards is a person obese?
because she's high calss now..
Milf?
We have to also consider how much more it is worth to us to force Africa to go through its own fossil fuel phase and NOT skip straight to renewables.
Hey now, don't be sew rude.
No it's okay, he's just playing tough football
Stwap trying to convert me by acting nice
Yes they will be more scantily clad
Yeah I think it's just a health and damage boost
A white supremacist if I ever saw one
I dont knoww, looks pretty legit to me
Clean up an eyesore and do it again in a week or two.
Turkey meat is pretty dry and bland, that's why recipes call for stuffing and gravy.
I think this is the first time i've watched trey have a coherent convo which made me feel all like "hey you're a people too."
And then it'll be safe to assassinate Trump.
Found the Sony bot.
We need the government step in and take that away from us!
Totally relaxed robin this morning, pecking away on some scraps.
Noel's BSB cast hits the enemy with a stronger version of Full Break: the normal Full Break effects the enemy with a -30% stat reduction, while the BSB effects the enemy with a -40% reduction.
Fascista e borghese!
What?
Did no FaZe players try YouTube aswell early on?
Oooor we could just stop killing civilians and funding jihadists with that tax money and actually spend it on the crumbling infrastructure across our country
I understand that there are very, very wealthy people in this country with what seems like lots and lots of power, but I do believe that the two parties exists because the two parties actually, genuinely believe that their ideas are right and that the other side is a bunch of lunatics the trying to throw the county into anarchy.
that makes you gay now, welcome to the dark side
El BJ.
This is Trumps fault!
My understanding was that the skill perk is a very small bonus, and zero cost will be likely invalidated due to 1 cost in the near future?
Don't forget 4G LTE tethering
They did not at first, but when it became blatantly obvious to everyone it became hard to convince people that walking through blankets of smog wasn't bad for their health.
Not as bad as a gorilla getting shot.
Even though you want to play Ziggs support, your teammates don't want you to play Ziggs support.
nice a skin
Do you live in Alberta?
You stay classy, Ontario.
Nah, Canadian Black Friday is earlier in the year.
Jing Wei, happy af and I can fly.
The bank only needs her consent to remove her from the account.
BECAUSE I HAVE TO HAVE IT NOW IN MY HANDS OR ITS NOT REAL BLACK FRIDAY
Why would a bow be melee only?
falling for Jimbothys Golden ray gun video when I was 10, and ragequitting when me and my friends almost did the MOTD ee, because I was lagging alot -_-
No reason not to dream big but we need a measured first step!
Houston Downtown Architecture tour
Thanks!
I take it you haven't read the wikileaks yet?
but, i'm only doing it to get back at corporate america...
RIP Gwyneth Paltrow's career
still better than the kiss tongue lollipops
detaaiills please~
somebody make a drinking challenge out of this for the adult viewers, one shot for every cringey "fact"
Yeah and I'm sure the tens of thousands of innocent Japanese Christians had it coming too.
That's so nice of you!
you're lucky your last reply was not delayed.
Just like call of duty black ops having zombies makes black ops not black ops.
Obviously their Goon puppetmasters are the only thing keeping them together now!
Yeah, when I think of hot tech areas, I think of Indianapolis.
Dude, the only reason to move back dinner is that dinner isn't done.
Ducks are every where my dude!
Yes
Yeah but he's a guy so that's okay
We won't need them anymore.
Who dis
Every single "peace offer" Israel has proposed in this century and the last has included the maintenance of Israeli settlements with hundreds of thousands of settlers.
=)))
I don't know, pretty sure Lewis just wants to be a kick ass wizard by himself.
Nah, it's not like they had their own special designation in the Nazi Concentration Camps or anything
DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRONALD DUMP TRO
only 4 post karma, you need 10 to post
The name sounds familiar, tell me more about this Desean guy
I don't judge people by the color of their skin, I vote for Trump!
Camelot Unchained.
You mean, like, the classic pack we get almost every week from tavern brawl?
If it was the norm to show the price after taxes, then we wouldn't read it as 'and a little something' because we would know that's the price after tax.
Decoy
E A S Y. T H E R E. S A T A N.
Moved from California to North Carolina shortly after the 2012 election- so not only did my vote mean something this year, I can also enjoy this patriotic brew!
The maulings or the kidneys?
They are doing the maintenance every Thursday, not just this particular one.
You live in Europe you kinda already do
Pearl is well-designed, fun to play against champion, which is giving it's player a lot of opportunities for different playstyles.
youre so alpha for saying that.
Logitech G920
If significant evidence of voter fraud is found in the recount for HRC, shouldn't they recount the results of the Senate and House as well?
Just shoot some unarmed black guy and get paid leave.
They're using percentages, not raw numbers, to compare
Wake n bake
Sounds an awful like that liberal education I hear about on the MSM...
Is this some kind of elimination round?
Yeah, they're gonna do sit-ups too!
isn't it nice to see Annoying Orange do so much after his internet career?
I dunno they had a fake Croc they used in Octopussy which had James Bond in.
But but but...ships are not progression.
Yeah man, Cuba is a much better place than the US.
Can you provide an example of Destiny strawmaning?
Brick lesnar with the Summer Drizzle!
I'm sure the comments of this article will be level headed and rational.
That's pretty much the case for any ship that can have it's thrusters blown off.
They took the black part seriously.
Dude that hair is beautiful as is
You mean the Red River Rivalry?
Please tell this to all of the angry conservatives on my facebook feed.
What entertainment!
I few years ago in high school all of the fat athletes, including me, would tape M&amp;M magazine ads with the green M&amp;M doing sexy poses in our lockers.
42 ounces of diabetes.
And...?
aww he looks so disappointed
he just wants his proper MLA format work cited recognition for john harbaugh to texas
Dre probably popped a lot of pills and started sucking too.
So many kids were born 9 months later after that typoon
U gon die
Because alcohol doesn't cause illness after prolonged mild use.
MARKET LEADER PogChamp
Hence why I separated combustability and flammability
The time has come... for a BIG BEAUTIFUL WALL!
Can't wait to see aunt may again.
Just flank brah
I accept your apology.
I bet that Boom is golden too.
No complaints = no problem.
You get ad from maw
It's because it ends in 'er'
Why is it that newer Tier 4 premium plane packs, like the Wyvern and Ki-87 for example, are $25 - $30, while the Tier 4 premium tank packs, like the T29, Tiger II, Strv-81, and Black Prince, are all $40?
And again, Miata is the answer.
Duplibloop, my ditto.
...Yes?
Mods, sticky this please.
Which part tho...
He must have just forgotten, only hillary has people who lie in the internet for her
The new nexus should be coming out sometime this fall, if you can wait
i already did :P
Marilyn Monroe was THIS CLOSE to getting it right...
BINGO
It's "add water to acid", right?
he'd be proud of you and your knowledge of emperor clod trivia
Play real life Tropico
6?
The lord works in mysterious ways
Superscatman 385 hunter
Bernie used his campaign email list to launch an organization called Our Revolution which is no doubt collecting monthly contributions from a number of people (myself included)
"This isn't even my final form!"
.300 BLK for home defense so I don't blow my ears out.
Nah it's cool man.
Being GG is lot cheaper than being Prime minister.
Use ypur shovel to scoop away that shit
Thankfully all those southern democrats votes totally helped her in the general election!
gay
Pretty funny
Thanks man, took a long time and crazy stressful to put it together but look at us now!
Nah, I'm sure it's fine if a white woman wants to wear one.
Too Soon
Joffrey comes back to life to successfully reclaim the throne.
Sorry reddit did I forget the
9/10 I've paused it to watch a video on YouTube and then I'm sat in silence scrolling through reddit wondering what's different
ffs you linked to the end of the video
Honestly any team is a good fit for a point forward.
Come on man join the cause, your cinematic universe needs you!
Am I the only one who REALLY wanted his name to be Mike?
Come to the dark side, we have free cookies after a $5 fee
I'm a size 6 but i identify as a size 2... even though those clothes don't fit me at all.
That's more a problem of raw stats being more powerful in HS than synergies, not that there are no synergistic cards that don't rely on stats being printed, which is what the thread suggests.
Yeah that sounds fine, I would expect a few weeks before you can do them all comfortably given that you stay at the same pace.
Don't know if it is, but many are using it now.
And of course she's qualified to make such claims - she's a washed up 90s daytime talk show host!
This is like a much more low-effort box post.
Except Luis for athletico bombs forward and crosses?
Welp im a trigger and I got audiophiled...
Yes it was, I'll put another in
Yes, D-Va can cancel 4 ults (Tracer/Mei/Hanzo/Zarya) just by right clicking, and that's perfectly balanced.
I would say that's OKish as we need him more for the league.
um how can you know for sure he didn't just add all the features he promised, did you explore all 19 quintillion planets?
Sthene.
"Daddy, what's this blue screen on the monitor?"
Now my life is complete.
Aladdin?
me irl
Did you just assume its gender based on its name?
ganda bomba!
I just realized she smiled at the end :D
Oh, I'm so sorry I thought I posted to "Change MY VIEW"
It takes courage to tank your company in one fell swell swoop
I'm sadly not surprised that the Rangers want the Astros in the playoffs :(
And you should feel proud that your mindset created a trump Presidency which I am sure will push liberalism forward huh?
Oh god not Kanye!
Yes, he is an excellent streamer
Forgot the
He was black wasn't he?
Fucking white supremacist.
Droppable in all formats.
Probably should stop spending so much money on guns then
...S...Sean Scurry.
Yea, like that mini van couldn't just blow by him.
I hope some 2nd amendment guys take care of him
His mentor is darth plagueis
I mean the Mets are short on corner outfielders
Duping is not a big deal, we are just a bunch of crybabies.
Taken down for invalid format.
I have had a lot of parents confide in me that they would do things a lot differently in regards to having kids, if they could go back in time.
it's an early game give him a break jeez
Sorry forgot my
Once I lost my wallet in a cab but didn't check my other inbox til TWO YEARS LATER so I didn't know that someone had actually found it and tried to contact me :(
*Allegedly
He gave himself Type II diabetes from work-out supplements in college.
I'd rather get rid of assholes than shitposts
I agree with this, if somebody wants to take that instead of a quickie game then LET THEM!
Thanks to the GOP, FTFY.
Evil like you is why we have to have passwords on our accounts
But but but kids are supposed to look like the Michelin Man's bastard spawn.
Your dad's a James Bond villain?
TBF have you seen the Republican Party's constituency?
Other streamers on twitch DansGame
I hate the load times but I LOVE sonic 06
Did it win?
It makes the future deaths from Trump vodka all the more responsible.
You can see that they're not getting shot at.
So if we stop Gorilla Grodd's death, Lex Luthor never becomes president?
We're not buying things, we're pledging and getting a gift!
It'll go up a bit tomorrow when all the kiddie weekend-reddit-warriors have to go to school to be further programmed.
What a joke
Hell yeah
Nah man bliz would never print somthing that interacts with the hand like that.
Wow, even The Hindu is driving government propaganda.
Number 3 for sure.
In south Delhi, looks like a normal day so far.
Instead of the M&amp;M Store, try Economy Candy
A very good interview, and nice questions from the host.
!remind me 10 years
ONLY willing to trade for Aeropostale, Abercrombie, or Hollister.
Miami, happier than the KKK on November 10th.
The acts of defense by 6M justify the acts of offense by 1.3 Billions.
And there is nothing you can do for those types of people :( I know it's a bit of a non-issue when they are so horrible in general but really what a sad state to be in, a head space where you just have to be the one being taken advantage of/ neglected etc and even your child's wedding has to spun for sympathy.
Don't worry they'll get people to repair people's because there's so going to be demand for 100000s of repair people in a given area !
Thought we were watching Anders and he was going to spectate someone called Metuz
Darius rucker would like to have a word...
Will probably be on YouTube soon enough if you don't want to play again.
Why are we pretending 402 made threes on 11 attempts per game is good ?
Praise Geraldo
Seems like an assload of coding and effort but it could be something for awhile on.
Did you just asume my imagebordism?
Did not see that coming
Gotta stand up to those pesky atheist muslims!
With a name like that you'll fit right in here
I'm not interested in meth but I'm still more outraged that this piece of shit was planning on selling 75 cent pipes for $60-120...
plus with women not being able to vote anymore Trump was a shoe in for president!
Bloody Poles, coming over here taking our King's jobs
You forgot advanced warfare inspired
May I asked how you knew or why you deleted the comment?
How... do you know?
I feel sad for those penguins...
Looks like someone was skill zoning
The Less I Know The Better vs Eventually
I feel horrible for laughing at the second comment, I hope you get through this OP and f*ck this verysmart.
Can you just stop?
Has ideology gone too far?
It took 8 years for my characters to see their Artifact weapons.
Well of course, there's no boobs or feminine butts, so nothing to be sexualized.
*better movies
I haven't claimed to have solved world hunger any more than I've claimed to be only using renewable energy.
Global warming confirmed fake.
But you didn't catch the funk, so I'd consider that a small price to pay.
I want my walkcoins back
What horrible trade standards by an unqualified president
Doesn't matter brah, the ends justifies the means ;)
well now if i ever enter an ugly sweater contest i'm just going to make a 5 foot long sweater with a hole centered over my face
Usually fullscreen but a few games are run in borderless windows (like GTA V online, or more like loading simulator)
I think they're twins lol
But why would a turkey drop chicken?
But their outrage goes against the world policy of we are all ONE people...teach the kids young and now before we become more separated but equal.
The fellow is posting from a new account, but it seems like they might actually be an American of asian descent.
Are you memeing cuz I've been seeing this phrase being used more and more
Koosta....
As long as you're the all star worker and the one being shoved is a lowly intern
Actually, I signed up for the cult... is this an actual job?
How racist.
Repeal the fifth.
Im from Avoyelles but work in da berry, baw.
Kind regards Because everyone else doesn't care.
Maybe this is a sign that we're trading him for Rudy Gay
Baba Yetwo: Electric Yetaloo?
Haha!
Exactly, I have yet to see anything on them actually changing the quality of the sound from the earbuds which was just 'passable' to 'solid' when they were wired.
"Oops Misclick Sorry"
Well imma fight it one by one
Only catch mentioned in their stream was that you had to have a regular package.
but you get taylor swift.
And if people are ok with a cigarette tax, why wouldn't they be ok with a soda tax.
BBC selling untruths to the public again.
and abstinence only education, aka one of the single most useless and ineffective educational initiatives of all time.
Hoping you forgot a
I have a fitpic but imgur is being weird on me.
Fuck that little girl, that's why!
East, West, and Florida.
Only chinese/cantonese people rly
You have to make a base or get a freighter and then get an armored through the quests, they'll eventually give new weapon tech.
How is this on the front page
I wanna see the wrecking crew.
You're right, Capitalism is an economic philosophy and Libertarianism is a political one, making it even less likely that Economics could prove that Libertarianism "does not work".
yeah I hear Dell will replace a broken $2,000 2 year old laptop for free
spoken like a true rapist
yep definitely seeking attention from an account named nimbletendiefinder
I win thanks
what a beautiful drug mdma is...
ur looking for me_irl pal
Don't judge my fictional friends!
Who's the biggest paper champ, Aldo or DC?
God burn it with fire plz
Well, I think Vega will be the 6 hundred series cause I dont like 5 because I think its a stupid number.
Like this shitty post clogging my reddit
Hillary said they're all peaceful, though.
You act like we would even have Wentz if we never traded away shady
you can send me a request now
In case you turn out to be a terrorist and start tossing live rounds at people.
Dumb uneducated guess here, but maybe because he's a public servant?
Sure, let's nerf cards because individuals hate them.
What do you mean, the maaws challenges in advanced warfare were toooootally perfect
^^^^^^^WOOFNADO
Haha it sure does look that way, but the readings match what I get from more intrusive alternatives I have on my jailbroken iPhone so you can trust them.
Keeping him around for the rarity is one cool thing to do with him but he's also a free elite that you can probably put in the potentially upcoming MVP sets.
I'll try to train gyms up past lvl7 for teammates if I have the supplies, but they're usually lowest priority to train up unless it's stood for several days.
Damn, I didn't even know the beta was out yet!
Free throws are looking brutal
Fuck fucking fuck
Where are all the South African players?
Shhhhh don't blow this theory, it's the R+L=J there's no room for detractors.
Im pretty sure this existed on Eu too at some point
now you know what to do with them!
But I thought BLM had solved the growing crime problem in Baltimore?
Don't go outside.
Who the hell cares how much monies goes in.. Allz we want to know is how much prints out
Doramammu, I've come to bargain
i believe you do you believe the point i made?
You're*
Did something like this but found out that they will hone in directry to "vault" door aka dig the brix out of mountain wall ..
Go buy another apple product, i hear theyre not overpriced junk.
And his full name is *Kevin James* LaBrie, which makes the joke even funnier!
That was the joke, guess i should've gone with a
Yeah, Giratina and Guzzlord don't seem remotely bloodthirsty...
Yep, because the imperial America has certainly become known for its freedom of late.
Which one is the LIGHT target for Seraphinite?
Niiiiiice!
The ability to painlessly poop a nugget of gold weighing exactly 0.4395721943599235250892 grams in weight.
[vette or torian dying is a bad thing tho :(]
But no company will actually do this because repeat sales will be zero.
It's like MLM - only those at the very top make anything.
Lets not get carried away, she wasn't black.
Yes, but this time go actually get one.
Does Abella have a snapchat?
If it bleeds it'll lead.
Not to mention team cook: Jeff Boyardee
Yeah, but that's counting the millions who voted illegally, and all "voted" for Killary.
Cat.
Yeah, he's been elected to run the country, so posting humiliating pictures of him is a healthy outlet
NXT will most likely always be the right call.
Because trolls like to piss off idiots like you plain and simple.
WE NEED COMMON SENSE KNIFE CONTROL
Thanks, I even named my son who was born this year Owen so I'd never forget the 2008 Detroit Lions
See you at the fight
where they can watch you with cameras?
Thanks, I'm very happy with them.
You cant taint your gene pool with freshies bro
OP DO THIS!
Russia wants an enemy, their business and political model is shit without an enemy.
Never understood the purpose of banning people from an anonymous site they can register an unverifiable account to within 30 seconds of their ban.
Only because of the libral bias in education, news... reality.
I highly doubt the matrix is run in Windows
You forgot the
The flag tweet?
Is it 500$?
Someone said it on reddit so it must be true.
Real joke in the comments.
I'll take my payment in 1/144 scale DL model waterslides.
I suppose people will volunteer for this exciting opportunity
Added as comment!
Borgore x G-Eazy - Forbes (Boombox Cartel Remix) i need this in my life &lt;3
Whats the song name?
Thanks for contributing to the conversation.
Well I mean he was only found with a knife, and was seen stabbing people, that's not exactly conclusive evidence though
They look like Allman Brothers Band musicians, cool af.
this is all lies FatBen is the bes'
Title?
Steve Buscemi was a firefighter
Nah that guy wouldn't say shit as well, the moment he looked at Hunt's size he would piss his pants.
The double jointed elbow makes it.
There's no built-in calculator on iPad unfortunately.
Do you think that campaign finance reform is something that should happen, and if so, what changes would you propose to improve our current system?
we have the chargers game, fellow socal-lite
You dropped this:
Oh my, what an insult.
Nice disguise
Pac-12 is a joke, the fact that any team from that conference would make it in the CFB is a farce.
Those ungrateful black people in NYC...
This is how I turned 300 dollars into 100,000 within 3 months!
I wonder why....
You spelled Carr wrong stupid raider fan.
He cancelled a while ago, not sure if the girlfriend business is what made him do it.
I already bought it, tried it, it loads but lags extremely, unplayable, that's why I made this thread =p
Fozzy Whitaker went for $53 of $100 last week....
I'ma..... pull up.... wit dat..... stick and.... Hitcho...... Mutha fuckin...
That's always hard, I wish you the best of luck!
jesus christ again?
Wow, that's like the dream team or something!
Quit mansplaining
Looks like a perfectly normal high flow valve to me.
Yea, because a parent wanting to know about their minor child's finances is the same as a kid wanting to see his parent's finances
Yes, all these people coming from successful careers to work in the White House are idiots.
It was fun to watch JFer pitch
WHATEVER JON JAY GO TO THE LAME ASS CUBS AND NEVER WIN A RING.
Damn PokeGovernment, makin it harder for f2p trainers!
A true fan of FNaF would donate 10 dollars to me monthly
As a 'murican, I expect everybody else to be stupid, talk funny, run the maps incorrectly, and be hacking.
TIL NBC owns NBC sports network
That's Hawaii actually.
Wow that swamp sure is getting drained.
Genzo, the Shark
I like this sub.
I think it's time to swallow the bitter pill, my friend.
Obviously Romney is an insider, unlike Newt
Dopey here.
But being molested saves you on cost
Quality title
AKA most of the production python code
Yea but at least it's not going to light rail, right?
I think a print of Rixx Javix's of one of the more iconic ships (or a favorite if you know which one) would be a sweet gift.
But what about his eternal soul?
Put some respek on my lack of mourning.
In Canada we don't use Zip code
Because they just figured out the American Dream is an opiate designed to keep them from realizing they are slaves to the corporate masters.
Wonder how many rebounds he stole from his bigs padding his stats for that trip dub
We gotta be like that guy that caught one while driving
My coworker was looking for donor egg on CL and ended up helping a farm out with collecting their chicken eggs.
It's the Blairites fault!
As someone that's &lt;5/10, I might as well confirm this as well to give this comment more credibility.
Hope it's received better than Winter Soldier though.
But guns don't kill people, people kill people
Any booze, for me.
Obviously you must be a landwhale^tm
But I haven't listened to any wisps in that game or does it not matter at all
That's kind of sweet in a reciprocating kind of way.
but it's so much easier to assume he's Hitler cuzz cnn says sooooooo.
We were 1/2 the way there anyway...
...member?
Ohhhh, I wasn't taking Super into account, of course :P
Lol, tell that to Donbas or Syria.
Pittodrie.
Because avoiding open areas is fun
Not enough liberals.
Damn, never knew the sniper could use a minigun
Naw, it's not that he cares, he just wants attention...just like Rachel for having been raped, amirite?
Silumgar on kaladesh confirmed
Spoken like a true Tumblrina
No
maybe try that evil online company that is based here.
I didn't edit anywhere for clearing things that's for sure
Lot of dudes to paint that one line
You could miss the shift key
The game itself is unplayable and alpha bridge is game breaking rofl
If you spawn and buy an AK + Tek9, you WILL have those guns for all further rounds until you buy again... It's only if you buy ONE gun after that (a pistol or primary) that the other one gets wiped away when you respawn again.
Don't know what state OP is in, but it MO they will take points off the score for letting the wheel come back on its own.
But the next cosmetic is different scope skins!
I get this reference!
Ancient trees ...
Well I wouldn't really be calling their staff "a bunch of tools"
just wait for 2018 bud
Because *that's* the feature that makes Hangouts worthwhile.
Id say that falls under "young man"
I'm so sorry you had to do that.
B-b-but it means something different to him
Especially when you'll pay 5 times what you got to replace them.
Game manual?
*the cheaper ones are bad build quality* As opposed to the Apple ones which are super awesome.
But GOOD PEOPLE DONT SMOKE MARIJUANA
Man Bengi isnt real Korea talent he is just a washed up Korean jungler 3x world champion isnt real korean talent
If you don't want to be on beta anymore you need to delete the beta profile in your settings
Thanks for the tip :)
No, but you can get a doorbell with a camera that you can tell them to go away with!
But Fusion Rifles aren't even competitive
I'm calling false, you don't have that many flowers in your hair.
Must have been all that sabotage, amirite?
Yes, the outgroup is to be feared
Whereas the tax, spending, and regulations arrangements of Neoliberalism have been absolutely perfect
Sure they will...
I'm sure they go by "cries" and not actual ladder winrate (which they have access to) when they decide to buff or nerf a class
But EU/NA Peanut...
Shhhh, he's always been a Indians fan
1971 is before they learned lucrative spam techniques.
We are basing it off of the closing price
I agree Without socks, society would collapse, animals would die, and the ecosystem would explode.
Eat them when I run out of food.
nobody here would even get a privat cheat from a known coder lmao
You don't need a preamp just hook it into the amp.
Nope, if he ain't tackle him it don't count
No please go into great detail what that is
Try Murloc Druid.
The people are so quirky and friendly!
ITS A GOD GIVEN RIGHT TO RUN A MILLITIA EXCEPT FOR THOSE MILLOTIANT HOMOS TODD STARNES TOLD ME ABOUT
Haha no, a radio shack
I wonder if he'll gain muscle and move to LB like Thomas Davis for Carolina?
I've only used Survival so far, but I believe in Normal mode it's just like before.
I know, fuck.that.guy.
Yes
hiding in their safespace
it's good you gave yourself that qualifying statement then
Das deep mane
But much conspiraciz.
That does sound nice
hindi importante yan, ang issue yung basura sa rally at nag santa claus sya.
That's pretty cool
Cos it's prebuilt from Inet and i don't even have the carton
mfw we didn't build the wall in time.
Really it's more because if it did happen it could be quite a problem than because it's likely... Also the zodiac killer was never caught
If they're not, uninstall
He can't be classist, he used to be poor!
My god, I can't wait to do EVERYTHING
And that's somehow a bad thing - replacing someone who will drag you down for the next boss?
Ohhh, true, it was mainly on sequential... And looks like that raised more questions for the OP (which is good).
With nowdays expectation, i dont thing he will keep his job if the team play like this.. with so many team have improve on the league, it will be one hell of ride
Especially cat pee and bleach.
If you pick me, I'll do the same thing for a sealed bottle of Macallan CS.
That's why facts and figures are oppressive and have no place in a feminist friendly society!
What do you mean?
:o What the fuck are those?
Cat.
OP is new to Tinder's Instagram follower gatherers.
Stop being a bear, join a wh pvp corp, become the proteus.
First Amendment: "Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances."
Where the fuck is Rooney?
What's the plane to the upmost right?
Well OBVIOUSLY it's because they have CORRECT NARRATIVE mate, stop being such a fucking Russian Bot^TM
Fisher will retire at 180-180-18
Hawaii
that was my experience, take it or leave it.
Thank's for the heads up!
Waiting for the
What a charming fellow.
It's 15% red (headed)...
Do you think LFG groups will be requiring Gjallarwings for SRL?
No support they do this on rs3.
Great repost, 10/10
I'd like to see the median time to release the ball in each season, as that would ignore those long scrambles that raise the average.
No, your kids are supposed to get a lower education in order to cater to the immigrant kids who are only there because their countries can't get their shit together.
While you were typing this comment, 5 more Harambes were shot and killed.
No, I have many gay friends and we are best friends.
Bring on the " you shouldn't let your baby be that close to a dirty street cat " comments.
Except cancer
When that happens, there will be virtually no difference between Chrome and the open source Chromium browser, right?
How can you take yourself seriously as a bodybuilder when your eyebrows are thicker than your arms?
Or asking people about the details of uncomfortable sexual experiences is sort of messed up...
Level 15 on Clash of Clans?
I thought people voted for Clinton 'cause she's not Trump
Tai-Lung vs Oogway alternate ending
9Gag
That would be advantageous for us, if we can get some shots on target... That seemed to be a challenge vs Sampdoria...
Got them 20 hours ago
Star Wars Episode 8: The Force hits Puberty.
It is a statistical curiosity, like "who won the popular vote" or "who won the most [insert race/gender/class/religion] votes".
Great news, can't wait for the next Meisha Tate fight!
Raising the prices on drugs the Clinton foundation was buying, no?
Delivered.
Jeff does it in Curbed too!
Thanks!
Did you just assume my gender?
They just need to get Trump to fly to Dallas.
I'll get my serial when I get home, but my White Super Mario Black Friday was 11.1.
Yes, but OP is a serial reposter.
drain the swamp indeed
Having access to health care, being able to vote, not being sexually assaulted, owning my own credit card, buying a house, wearing what I want, having a job...these are the things that make me smile.
This really doesn't have enough upvotes man.
Ok
Please god let them have fixed the dreaded BAMBERGA error, i just wanna play ZiS with friends!
Like a bitch.
I'd say 80's Troma films were one big wink-wink, nudge nudge.
That's what the title refers to...*he's* the one that was sleeping
that's racist
Pfft, who uses imperial!
It worked so well for Andrew Johnson
You forgot
I'm one of the few people who think Diddy isnt top 5 and bayo is secret best character in the game, but sonic cant be that low holy shit.
So what you're saying is... we are all Matt Bartkowski's?
Thankfully, Starbucks is a great and notable Richmond brand that should be mentioned on the map.
How do magnets work?
He need to learn to moon walk.
TIL: Solid red jerseys are similar to green and white jerseys.
No you couldn't
This sounds really dumb
No, it's art
Man you're really not going to like the series finale.
I don't care about them, that's all I can say.
He made a good choice
MS will be dead.
At least you get to cheer for Xpecial again.
Winter is coming!
And they were very likely TSM fans..
Its not unsual for the charge back to be ineffective after 3 months.
He's a Dat Backer, not a Von Backer.
Tec-9 Rush B
If all TBMs were replaced with "progressive mormons" I would still be glad to be gone
None of those can throw daisy in your face :P
You forgot
He's an assn....
Pls if they buff sobek in any way now he will be OP
Your dog isn't allowed to eat food?
Iirc in frothy's weapons video he said one of the grenade launcher class weapons was similar, so it at least has a successor.
Too bad he scores on his own team.
You go on with your life.
But Blizzard should've included something to tell us about artifact knowledge!
Found the Trump supporter
"Can we have ONE conversation about feminism where men get to be in charge?"
I knew you were a dude!
Because guys
Don't play on a mobile
Now you're just being closed-minded.
Not an Econ major so I can't help ya but 5 bucks isn't very motivating when most tutors charge 25-30 per hour
Bytowne uses real butter and they do not charge.
If you want
You're right, income and sales taxes doesn't exist, and those local employees actually live in California where the company is really headquartered.
You can actually, but you obviously lose anything that was reliant on your classic mods.
Suuuuure Half of the time
Came here to talk about my moto-boner being at the position of attention.....glad to see every other Marine beat me to it!
Balance, the 2H would be OP in the event, the 2P has useless armor thanks to the turret
Guys, he was just misunderstood
yeah fuck this guy ruining our youth, what a fucking asshole.
He was playing for the Chargers before tearing his Achilles this past weekend... so right now he's probably not having a great time
Moonkin are the bravest heroes.
Science was wrong before!
Roboto Mono?
That and the fact that he is coaching at a school in the same state which means he's already familiar with the main recruiting territory of said blue blood school.
Sadam had better facial hair
A finger?
Nice
I heard slaving away your whole life to pay for a $1m debt is more fun than being a tool for war
He did it his way.
Thats quality writing, loved the references, great job
pence transition team has a web page you can submit your resume
Hire one ref per flag so they are responsible for that exact flag.
But, they are away from customers, right?
i hope that's not your post, if that's your post that sucks
Smeargle lost Dark Void - Turned to a life of Crime
I call BS, you can't climb as support main
I thought a flagrant was considered a technical foul.
Yeah, and we all know that King appears in every other chapter.
Dress sense, and a good taste in wine.
I think the US should apologize for the annexation of Crimea.
You're underestimating the desperate burning need to socialize with adults rather than snot-covered hellions.
Yes, the political situation in the UK is **exactly** like that in V for Vendetta.
I'm sure this won't lead to: A) Inflated pay to cover the risk, or B) Incompetent leadership because anyone sensible enough wouldn't take that risk
Finally there will be weed in Ireland.
Headshots dont work against robots.
Don't you think you're asking for a bit too much?
But if America had paid maternity leave their economy would collapse
Maybe we're special :)
Thanks!
Awesome I'll try that
I am sad my crew trainer is gone.
It's OK OP, this sub ain't judgemental
It's a meme they don't have to talk like normal people
It's ok, they found "clean coal".
All glory to the hypnocat!
It's been said that it's mathematically certain that everyone on the planet is related to everyone else by at least the 34th cousin.
"It was taken using a wide angle lens!!"
Except for when he sneaks out to dinner without notifying the press.
Still killing flagships by the looks of it
;)
I forgot my
And yet, we are privileged!
Ask someone that has one... I have no idea how to get flair.
you forgot an
what do you mean?
I wonder if this guy hangs with Newman and lights one up?
Poor Tim Howard got 3 of those scored on him.. rough December
Final Fantasy (11 and 14 to be specific)
F
Society has no idea who this person is.
Yeah bro because executing people without due process is a GREAT idea.
IGN wouldn't enjoy that
Nothing like lots of high fructose corn syrup and refined white flour to make a tasty loaf of bread, amirite?
2nd gen pre-facelift
I feel like I've said this a lot this year... I'm utterly shocked.
Cause he's smart
Don't forget to comment and upvote :D
Man you just don't even appreciate how stacked our backfield is
Your joke would have been funny but you either said the wrong film or the wrong planet depending on which one you got right.
"11" "99" RIP
Add me?
Too many TBMs, so they need to offend them and get rid of the tares, obviously.
what I've noticed is that when ever my team needs to pick the hostage up its in the last 3 sec of the round
I'm considering playing through again just to do this fight.
You just can't handle my powerful pheromones
So racist that one of their major speakers on social media is a black male.
Yeah fuck people's rights if it creates the illusion of safety!
If everyone knows it (or thinks they do), it's not really classified, is it?
In 2016, "to fuck the home planet" was quietly put in its place.
Contrary to the Undertale subreddit, where "No loods of the gote" is a major underlying theme.
You missed the free weekend :(
Yes, but they haven't been sent
What's the point of even living at that point?
Christ i envy your creativity even though i consider myself pretty good at making shit up that is impressive mate respect
Ah, the "James may Burma" brake cooling system.
You dropped this
usually you pay less for less inches....
Haha.. fair enough friend.
But... you didn't
-Sink-
This season was pretty much a disappointment
Nah, just not very patient with asshats
this is a bad joke ..
It's "pencils of color" you racist!
Exactly, and rather this story end up concluding with "And both officers were stabbed and killed as the criminal fled the scene" it would end with "Nobody was harmed as man threatening officers with a deadly knife was shot to death".
It's a regular L
Maybe she was turning a traumatic sexist experience where the trainer wanted to hit on her into a positive light?
lol.. was just an offer to the first person, but happy holidays!
Because rich people don't have guns.
Try the USC dental school
Cow farts(actually burps release methane) are bigger by many orders of magnitude.
Ha
Yea because people clearly struggle on QBD
well see, *he* isnt even human so he deserves to die.
It was so weird seeing them in the show I love you Ryan Murphy ahhaha
For real
Yeah, they all hang out together in the Distillery District.
That's a hitch bro.. a hitch..
Haha tfw
I saw that for a split second you stopped healing, all your fault
Fun Gus pulls up.....slow golf claps go 'round with the oh yeah's and smiles.
N o p e
Write some more jokes this was hilarious!
Thorin predicted SK to win the series, what a pleb predicting everything wrong amirite?
Yeah, because cops need more power right?
islam is an evil ideology poisoning our culture.
Yeah, 99,9% of scientists are stoopid eh?
Well you won't have to rebuild the engine every 80k miles...
Pachinko is huge in Asian markets.... you from Japan?
r/buyitforlife
God if we beat UCONN this might finally be our year
Fucking normie Chad!
It's called voltage, pleb
Die!
Now if the NY Times is praising Obama it must be true, I guess.
You can pop both ends off your average bic pen with ease.
Reality has a liberal bias.
What was it 1p before?
I don't disagree but I do like how Jokic can space the floor with a stretch 4
Hey, he is an outsider who totally isnt corrupted
When is the next Tupac Shakur album coming out?
Hey I think you dropped this:
As I mentioned, pick a name brand cloud storage - stop dicking around with iCrap.
Isn't that a little bit a double standard when you guys have McDavid breaking ankles left and right?
thorin predicting against us because he wants us to win
Can I say as a Trump supporter this really heartens my soul?
Having a spaniard means their not NA duh
Well hey if the wife stayed pregnant at least he wouldn't have had to share his 6-pack.
I'm sorry but we can't be friends
Well then why don't we just sterilize low income populations?
You're only allowed to get kills in team deathmatch
FNaF 6: the war.
No scar tho 0/10
until you learned to wipe properly.
Instead of slinging petty insults why not actually make an argument.
:/ Well doesn't that just help highlight what was wrong with what I said.
I am so triggered by the use of grown here.
they can still negotiate his contract though
He's ruining the economy taking all that gold with him
But how do they communicate?
No because Westminster is looking at what powers it can devolve to persuade them to stay, the EU on the other hand is looking at what powers it can take without people leaving.
i know it can seem stupid but i feel very satisfied when i do it
Breathe Marijuana.
Very cool... Thanks for posting.
He made that movie and if you're careful you can cut a four minute piece from the middle which almost sounds pro-Trump, so it's obvious
lmao
Expect anything else from the deplorables?
Lure Ball on a shiny Golduck is awesome.
This must be private server, haven't seen charter boat full of supplies ever.
I think they were saying it would make it easier for people to download it and then make torrents of it.
Mirai Nikki is already on my bucketlist but I didn't know it was horror
Voice chat and better UI, also some of the characters have weird eyes that are kind of creepy.
Volkswagen owns so many awesome car brands.
We have a state early intervention program separate from Medicaid but it pays the company less.
...unless it's a bottomless pit!
I got to see it live, crowd went insane :)
When do you think our next GE win will be?
I'm so sorry, friend
"We apologize for getting caught" CNN is the worst.
Concussion protocol works flawlessly, I see.
when you win and they say ez it's not really considered bm; it's just funny
Get that man a Silky Saw!
Yeah but the creator said it is just a phone screen
Don't turn this game into CoD goddammit!
I'll just copy stuff from Al/Danny Kavadlo's book: - Narrow squat - Wide squat - Prisoner squat - Split squat - Walking lunge - Hindu squat - Archer squat - Step up - Drinking bird (1 leg deadlift) - Advanced pistol (hands behind your back) - Dragon pistol - Shrimp squat variations - Hawaiian squat That's it :)
"If I knew he was lying to me from the beginning then he wasn't really lying to me, was he?"
Swearing on the internet
Women are funny, get over it.
He sounds like just the kind of cool and level headed person we need.
But lets just keep cutting education funding
Koje iznenadjenje, u Rusiji ima dosta botnet servera.
Where's the one place you've always dreamed of visiting, and why?
he was just playing around mortal strike
Russian Roulette for money, like in The Deer Hunter One shot, one kill uguu~
Wrong spot there champ
Welcome to 2016 where even in sports we now have "safe spaces"
Just tried out my liveUSB and same issue.
Malik Obama is a known white supremacist!
Yes lets make matchmaking worse by splitting the queues for the modes more.
I'VE BEEN WAITING SO LONG FOR THIS
but man, the new ones have better graphics and are more innovative
Thanks!
Dust2 - best Everything else - shared worst place
Lets just hope he doesn't use this to inspire his supporters to commit violence against anyone.
Calm down, Satan.
But if it's his hot woman teacher, she has harmed him really bad.
But top marks from Charity Navigator!
Go to bleach fyi, click on every characters and see which ones inflict burn or poison with their specials.
How do you feel OHP movements have impacted your shoulder growth?
There's people in their late teens/20s now that were this kid's age when they saw this and are still waiting for a conclusion
I am being consistent, you are not getting the point nor the sentence....
oh snap the weed is a different color, must be the dankest shit in the effing world
Shoulda added the
That 20% is going to make illegal immigration a thing of the past and then there's going to be so many more awesome jobs available!
Get over it man, didn't you hear Trump just authorized a $7m tax break?
Can you imagine what having a real slugger in Coors would be like?
There isn't much Reddit history under your username.
Exactly, that video's fairly recent.
Funny, I thought she was Mike Dalton
Late war Panzerschrek.
I thought Mother Nature was in charge of trees.
Racist!
No, because America is evil and patriotism a plague.
Fapping_ninja
I WANT TO BELIEVE
What event?
What does the S stand for?
Everyone grows out of anarchism when they read The State and Revolution
someone has had a bad experience with jing weis....
Mortal Kombat XL Picked it up for 17 bucks, always wanted it and finally got it for PC.
he loses edge containment too often
GundoGONE
Argel tal, he is a tragic hero.
TRUE
guys, please do not upvote this, it was a 1 in 4
I thought that was family guy?
How much poop do you put in your tea?
How many wins bradley would need to match bill's record?
He should follow Steve Smith out..
Ultimogeniture guide you in your quest for super bastards
1st true 4k console, native 4k gaming, 4k blu ray player, most powerful console ever
Seems to me like you got lazy on 4* of them
Totally... American Samoa... where them Girl Scouts get them cookies, right?
Yup checks out, is hair.
Nah guys, there's a gather step in there it's cut down to 4 steps now
This warms the cockles of my heart.
How do you have .1 casualties?
Wait there are three of them?
Ok will do
Clearly what this shows is that SF5 isn't a legitimate measure of aptitude.
Lock him up!
Harrison Bergeron!
I always assumed that the world had to adjust to me?
The polar bears see him better in the snow, that's why!
I like turtles.
Shit, I was really hoping they'd keep working on Transverse
and for the record I totally grab your moms pussy, but I found out there's a pickle in there, lol!
shes not scripting, shes just amazing at this game
Didn't know that Device and Juliano is a thing.
NYTimes
Looks like a stock one, just rattle canned red.
Type: Null might be a failed attempt to create a second Arceus though.
Ayup.
And I should have realized that.
Also, stolen valor is a worse crime against humanity than the Holocaust.
Chicks dig big guys, not skinny sticks who aren't loyal.
Of course, men have personalities and are full persons whereas females are just sex vending machines who are suppose to accept niceness tokens in exchange for sexy times.
I always thought the name applied to the two guys who started the company or currently own it together.
Thanks!
The meaning in the title implies the high rate of change from a significantly lower unemployment rate.
You make a post without a link, how is everyone supposed to have watched that shit?
How tho?
That's not the MFA, that's the info files.
you on some IGN shit
Stoptech kit?
Not playing competetive for a couple of days?
Meh
Reading this in the kid's voice from the overwatch cinematic trailer makes this even better
They are actually letting you watch the debate on the ESPNWatch app I believe so you can watch the debate and the game at the same time.
Someone more mature would have told him where to stick it a very long time ago.
"Aqui tem uma frase do Hitler que comprova isso..."
Jesus fuck, is he a nosferatu?
Evolve and Sunset Overdrive.
Nuke it from orbit.
Shit, Christina Aguilera better switch me chairs
But Sam is still alive.
Parochial.
why doesn't the government sprinkle magic all over the housing prices to make it go away?
I actually enjoyed the year I was on the rotating 1500 to 0300 car....
dae think rappers can be measured objectively?
Yup, If I can do anything, everyone who can't is just not trying
Ya'll ever seen a game where we were down by 1 score and Matty *actually* led us to victory?
Eh that's a pretty tough throw to make
Yes, you assumed her gender, you bigot!
But none of them can be called physical objects like a relic is supposed to be.
Goes all the way up to ownership and front office, IMO
*Clear* proof that the NFL is rigged.
But he was drafted higher.
Hey let people play the game however they want
You can really see the improvement by their record
What makes you think the Raiders aren't happening?
Reposting!
Wait...Japan has a 15 month calendar?
Now, if only we could clone him 10 times, we'd win the CL!
In this case they could really use some freedom... no for real this time.
AND YOU SAY GLOBAL WARMING STILL EXISTS.
If he gave you a quickie dickie then I think he has to get mod tbh
And I'm over here getting shivers every time I use the urinal, oh yeah it feels so good!
Are you trying to tell me that I don't get nervous around cops while driving
Yeah just look at ANH, what rubbish
I didn't think anyone ever used their Apple earbuds with their phone, much less their laptop
Tbh i don't really count event as a win due to the weapon draft literally being removed the day of the tournament, when all of the teams practiced with weapon draft online leading up to this weekend.
No, they can not.
The Gold Plates of course.
Sorry for the terrible view, had to get a picture of this.
So that's who has been throwing hostages out of windows...
Link?
"animatronic children socks" Link to merch lore solved
RIN RIN RIN RIN!
That's my opinion yes, I never claimed to be an expert.
Whats wrong with defensive pagans in your opinion?
Your liberal SJW politically correct world is imploding
We have the exact same tension wrench!
Wasn't talking about this particular instance, I was talking about the one in Pinellas county.
Were you even listening he said NGL
I don't know man, I think it's Sushi World, and that obviously has a huge impact on how you perceive this season.
No
Well... he did play 6 different heroes in 6 games yesterday.
What is star wa...whatever it was
Damn.
That's correct so maybe the original commenter should compare it to the right biblical figure lol
Code name kids next door
Have you considered the possibility that dreams are more than our subconscious?
Don't knock it 'til you try it
Reddit's search feature is amazing and needs no fixing.
RXTools bois let's go!
Thanks, guy.
The lab module is available if you have a good rep with the Curators, you don't need the scientist actually.
Clearly shields are broken and need a buff.
Obviously you can't survive a scooping because the scooper hits you right in the nutsack at high speeds
Geez whiz, you gotta love those Second Amendment People!
So then breakthrough skill would be in a similar vein yeah?
if only there were some way to harness the power from the sun without having to build our own
Yeah cause that team looks exactly the same from last year
how does duterte's bullshit taste?
She was just makin sure you didnt get kidnapped like the movie *taken*
Need to bring that to a slab meet in Houston
It's just a charity, the Clintons never get any of it and they never give favors to people to give large amounts.
hashtag justbiellanthings
So that's like a single uninterrupted game right
lol "dollar stronger than ever" wouldn't possibly signal a petro dollar bubble
Your Thor's 8 guns?
AKA: Spend $18 million more on refugees.
Clearly made this to play hearthstone
I swear there was like a 3rd and 3 or something short like that and the Giants threw a quick pass to OBJ for an easy 1st because the CB was 5 or more yards off of him at the snap.
How come he doesn't have a carrier name in status bar?
BUT BERNIE CAN STILL WIN THE PRESIDENCY
r/holdmybeer
If I were state champion at 10 years old I would talk about it too!
fuck joey b4d4ss for hating on kanye like this
Legos and books for my daughter Contempt and bitterness for my wife.
Pero mira, si es un rediturro en su habitat natural usando los colores de su gente!
any idea the difference between 484 and driggs?
People donating to charity, of course.
I found my soulmate
You dropped this:
didnt lose by 50
His passive is op what are you talking about?
"Le Friendzone XDDDDDDD"
...but they were, in fact, released without charges.
No, if you miss a Sunday due to weather, you're apostate.
BA5S JANUS LETS GOOOOOO (I'm a little excited to get this skin)
ELIOOTL?
Because clearly America can't be trusted with its own elections
But they were on road
Those damn weak frames!
It'd be better if he was on a boat
But... But... But... This is an invasion of privacy, the Government has nothing to do in your private life...
Nah that's not that good.
Don't expect them to fix anything.
And as ever our totally in touch and not rediculous WGEU members are totally keeping track of this and changing it for the best of the community.
It's okay.. duterte will kill them when they grow up
R.I.P.
can confirm Sunset Overdrive (which BTW is the most underappreciated game on X1)
Rick Astley - never gonna give you up
As do all sane Americans
haha yea OP sucks, doesnt understand that if it isnt old it sucks no matter what
I love playing dva and absorbing hanzo dragon arrows, the salt is refreshing!
Now that you mention it he kinda does
Rico will get the decision
This dude said Lawler/Condit already--not an unreasonable choice but surprising
Yeah, chuck a paddleshift and some fancy electronics in as well as strip some weight out, add bigger wings and it could be a good race car, but probably still not as fast as a customer GT3 Huracan or 458.
What are you some kinda neat guy?
If she wants to be friends you don't have to annoy her about a relationship.
We always keep our hopes down around here
You forgot the
I know u/cherzo said they had problems uploading QI yesterday due to computer issues, maybe the same thing?
Because only his opinion matters and you're a bigot if you disagree!
Oh baby oh baby oh baby
And now I'm banned from TwoX...
i bought a new pair of jorts to celebrate
It's because people dont have to say the pledges of allegiance anymore.
Your soul is much larger than mine if it has that large of a hole.
"Skip Bayless says" *stops reading immediately*
that's a whole new meaning to going black
I didn't see that coming
Hey, who are you to be correcting people discussing your life!
Yeah but audio memory is a difficult thing, so if he doesn't have it on hand it'll be near impossible to give a good comparison.
We'v been idiocracy for a while now, man.
Referees ... They are winning the game single handedly
We do not have a lock on the bye yet hommie
Classic Aleague Click-Bait
Has the verminator got connections in Brussels?
My man.
The system is ''better'' but the randoms you get make league look like a great community
I get the slightest feeling you do not like Jim Mcelwain!
Can you make it green instead.
If you update to the latest iOS 10 (10.1.1) it comes with a proper sized button now
Likely good old TI1 nostalgia.
I'm sure he did.
But this hurts my stats on Overbuff and Masteroverwatch and I'm being called a scrub in game for killing myself.
"Lazy Scouts".
But Russia is white &amp; a christian country so they are infalliable.
o7
Have you ever heard of the emancipation proclamation?
That drink is very Ditto-colored.
Had to check Scott Games to confirm if this was a real character.
All the other Titans can get executed from the front while using their Cores, so why should Ion be any different?
What he's saying is: maybe your friend is a terrible parent.
Westworld Finale Spoiler: [Murdering your creator]
Then don't make campaign promises you can't keep.
Ambien.exe
As an 'American' this shit is as far from the truth as possible.
Tbh I'm really pleased for Seattle's fans that they got their NFL franchise back after they lost it after Super Bowl XL and then lost the Sonics in '08
Hey, LIGERSMILK
I mean, if that's what we are gonna offer...
BECAUSE STEPH CHEWS HIS MOUTHPIECE
6 Key for certified.
But Westbrook tho
This must be what the Russians were upset about.
I'm fairly certain it is The Last of Us, however I don't get the reference either.
(Y)
Might convince me to switch to gender studies right now!
Sure, because we should all be taking moral advice from the person who caused 45 million deaths and loads more suffering from the Cultural revolution during his reign of China.
Oh well it's all even then.
Ugh, "plain"
No point in getting a gf if you can cook yourself
I'd say this amount of karma was worth dumping it in there!
Doesn't the snow begin to melt if it vets above 32 degrees?
A technology that enables the two biggest companies in Australia to sell their products with nearly no staff, I don't think they would want that
"Tank" HA
They probably use those studies to save the money internally.. Easy way to funnel 125 billion into black projects with the money being accountable.
No, that was Otamendi
One can only assume.
Wait, Buck Lightyear and Androxus are enemies?
most ppl love cliche stuff, its why it became popular xD
More like the other way around.
Yeah because the timing was off
Guys, I found the pathological liar.
The sofa.
If you don't realize that the zodiac is a timelord as well as the only person that has committed ALL the crime in the last 47 years, then you just don't know your history!
Still not as bad as this one Time I sneezed but I farted and cried because I shit my pants in my Lamborghini
**WRONG**
Because of VdB posting with a dog in the Alps!
Rogue current tier/pvp set
So we'll be out but by the Jays then
Practical nahi ho paata hai lekin kabhi to fayda kya.
And you guys laughed at Barkley when he said Klay was the 2nd best player in the league
You make too much sense, you must be CTR.
Adelaide isn't that bad!
Underworld because I had to skip them last year.
then send him abusive messages about scripting!
This sounds like an effective solution!
Thanks for the insult, you changed my mind!
They could always remove the countermeasure system to save costs
Freedom.
But if he said the "N" word he's guilty of death
Why don't you stop all this fucking vaping shit and smoke a joint like a real fucking man, cocksucka
Should've voted more than once, like all the people Trump said did vote multiple times
You may also recognize him from the recent Breath of the Wild gameplay from the Game Awards
Clearly you've not used lisp
If you watched any of the rlcs games you would see that bumping and demos are legitimate strategies although it can be aggravating.
I'd say they are both even in their matchups, but since Stafford has out performed Luck points wise, I'd go with Stafford.
Those are clean, but I wish they would release these in the OG white/red and black/white colorways.
What did you use to make it?
Jhin Kha'zix and Graves
Yes sir.
Yes, to the benefit of many hostages
I'm so glad to see that the trust and loyalty of your subordinates is not something you take lightly.
something something make all the cities open something something worldspace spanning battles
But what if the girl wants to be a slave!
Obviously, it happened while Obama was still president, so he should get all the credit!
DAKINGINDANORF
it's only game.
Wait, but it was a close game, and that's all that matters, right?
More responsible journalism.
Damn foiled again!
How did you know that's what I nominated you for?
Then you aren't rugged and masculine ;)
Forgotten Memories :(
That was a cum shot.
"pale skin" skin for Gengi and Reaper confirmed?
"Clinton says xyz in FBI interview" and then a few words on the implications on what she said.
Racial purity
But... But... Microsoft doesn't care about PC gamers and muh Steam.
that might work if i can save a bit more.
OU would have traveled better than that because we are conference champs.
Such a nasty woman.
They have died of Dysentary
That doesn't help me haha.
Lol fake news
Its obviously because Labor delayed the ABCC &amp; backpacker tax
Should have interrogated the bus boy.
Iron Man 3 is the best holiday season CBM!
What, no Madden 18?
Seeing this in every thread someone does something brave makes me wanna puke at how unoriginal people are.
What if you're out at a party and you leave with someone.
Probably going to be a mod for that in no time, but don't think that extra bridges are easy, the way they work means that adding new types of bridges is actually a lot of work on CA's part.
Was looking to get more than that for it
*plays funeral march for this country*
Any argument verified by medical science, yes.
Maybe because comments can't be in the post?
By most mechanical and dirty hand...
yes
They just forgot to label the exponential y-scale.
Really nice redirect!
Also effective in the case where you know you are getting lucky and want to last longer; works a hell of a lot better at 25 than it does it 55, though.
It's not any more stupid than most things people do for entertainment.
You dropped this
"Fuck you got mine" has been a thing since before I was born.
Eating four bags of potato chips gives you more radiation than living next to a nuclear plant for a year?
Solgaleo Easter egg confirmed.
God made the sink hole as a test.
That's because literally all the millions of people who didn't vote for her are idiots and racists.
How does it help them cut costs?
Btw, if you look up a video of a cougar purring, it sounds like distant chainsaws.
Great more spam of complaining.
No such thing as corruption in America
I think it's a grandmas boy movie reference.
That's toxic masculinity.
I am always out of grenades in such situations too.
Because that's a completely fair and balanced portrayal of the refugee population.
I think you mean the (((ESTABLISHMENT))) has RIGGED the system!
Not sexist at all!
He probably means that slavery =/= racism
"Freckles - the mark of Cain?"
This will sell out.
the latter 100 percent
Boo hoo hoo how can you so racist and not let people deform the genitalia of children?
Nah, we measure it by net worth
A lie?
Pshht....yeah enjoy your slow death from fluoride poisoning.
I know, people voicing their opinion on something via the voting system is an actual travesty.
Because career choice is exactly like gender identity, right?
Can't imagine..
He was gunned down in the street, only an addict would get gunned down in the street like that!
Looks like a fun problem
Oh no, another World Series contending team, how will we ever recover
I remember six months or so ago seeing one of the big training firms (CBT maybe) offering a 3-4 day Caribbean technical learning cruise.
It had to be brown...
That's the Titans Super Bowl story line bro... Need to be more original
here's a lil fun fact for you:Gorn is a genre of porn that mix gore and porn together,mostly in asian hentai/manga,like mai-chan's daily life where the protag is an immortal girl who people do the worst kind of stuff to her like impregnating her then taking the child right out of her putting him in a weird dress then smashing the child then jizz all over it ,hope you enjoyed this fun fact friends!
Bruh other people are paying for your rumble update with keys and you are still mad why?
Well they should feel better that the church's culture no longer condones the behavior as much as they used to right
does that mean my "shitposts" and mspaint comics are too?
lazy town beats it
that explains why he was playing mercy
Look out YouTube...
Coloring cospri 5xb is pretty much a non-starter
Ayyy fam lmao xd cuz
But they don't have a trophy for that game, I thought that's what made a game a rivalry
Child porn!
The moron doesn't even understand human anatomy, physiology, sexuality, psychology... Apart from that he has a point.
It read like you were saying that the comic was self-deprecating, like the OP understood that he really did change and that it wasn't her fault.
You don't have to answer if you don't want to but as a PT in school right now is there anything you'd recommend a future PT putting on their linkedin profile that makes it more attractive?
I mean, it's not like you can change your camera angle or anything
The implication that the League balance team should be democratic about when to rework the champions and therefore when they show how they aren't really is supposedly a reason to complain is absurd to start with, who knows their reasons, could it simply be that Nidalee is easier to deal with in terms of balance, or the abysmal low win rate she got a while ago, or just pure bias (which I doubt).
I remember a female went to South Pole for few months and her freckles disappeared.
I think you forgot your
Graphics suck
It was about a year ago, am I probably ok now?
It's German-generated so it's already halfway there.
Fortunately, the car analogy is not dead yet!
Anyone else watching this in extreme anxiety that the glasses are gonna get smushed?
I like this one, it says that I look like Johnny Depp.
They started it!
Yeah I'm looking forward to it, only because I really hope they're offering the beard again.
We aint found shit.
I used the rounded tips on games where you're holding the sticks in any direction for longer periods of time, It's more friendly on your thumbs compared to the normal ones, especially when you have to hold the click down too.
Sorry we have plastic where i live
Yeah, the go to phrase for me is just dice, pls fix!
Pretty sure J E Hoover would've had unlimited spying powers over this administration, by all appearance it's shaping up like the most blackmail-able crew ever.
Tell us more about how you saw it coming...
Her name is Alberta, she lives in Vancouver.
Some people claim that's why PhillyD isn't in it even though he definitely should be.
Darn, better stop trying to get more fit so I can cosplay better.
This looks damn nice, very well done!
Thanks!
I'm sure Lucy Richards is not representative of the sensible, sound- minded rational types who believe Sandy Hook was a "false flag" that used paid "trauma actors".
Because who doesn't love harassing parents grieving the loss of their children?
Oh good, at least there's that.
"The National Violence Against Women survey found that 21.5 percent of men and 35.4 percent of women living with a same-sex partner experienced intimate-partner physical violence in their lifetimes, compared with 7.1 percent and 20.4 percent for men and women, respectively, with a history of only opposite-sex cohabitation."
yea, we should let our government decide what's news and whats not
There goes that amazing spacing again.
God I love the chemistry that Dan and Max have with each other.
Don't we all
Cat.
Who says summer tires shouldn't be used during the winter?
r/pka
He means run around and yell a bunch at random people
That's one of those parts of the Bible that isn't supposed to be taken litterally.
The ones they air on tv are usually a shorter version anyways.
Music was annoying af.
With Ireland part of the EU, has the situation been remedied somewhat with at least some women taking a quick trip to a EU country that allows it?
The dude clearly knows the Mavs
If you're on a9lh, which you are if you finished the guide, then yes.
That's classified.
I'm "CLEARLY best Darius NA", I play on EUW...
U said similar to Nylander but gave us all the reasons why Virt is not similar to Nylander
Weird how this was never in game b4 but now that there is a rule regarding arguing with the ref, EA decides to put it in
Of course I mean the ratio line.
Well nothing I guess once you come to understand that Saudi Arabia and Islam in general are otherwise so terribly open and tolerant and welcoming
I asked one of the fellas that sent a message to my father asking how they got the number, multiple sent me a picture of this person's social media and I thought it was enough to agree that this is the person.
I've already got Battlefield but I'll enter for that Infinite Warfare/Modern Warfare Remastered bit!
Well, you are certainly pitching in regarding that goal
But everyone knows there's only One hate sub on the entire site
Multi pass?
A ton of huge web portals are done in Java.
you know ittttt
Wasted 1.5 hours :/
Just started thinking about how much the P90 sounds like a chopper.
I'm sure the she realizes that.
That means the more people that can be given a clear explanation of it and its implications, the more will invest.
Snake, bear, crocodile (though technically bear is an omnivore...)
Same here, I bought it LAST NIGHT.
This belongs on Craigslist
I'd get wheels with bigger offset instead of spacers but that's just me.
Jeez i said thanks, no need for the hostility m8
"C'mon, Stan-lee"
There's an option in settings, by where you can change the power mode, that you have to check for your Xbox to auto update your apps
glad sarcasm isn't lost on you guys!
Davis was doing alright, so McCarthy had to bench him!
I think you forgot this
You can make kt op again after what you've done to li ming.
don't go against the circle jerk man
But don't you know that the law is good and should not be questioned!
Good thing there's a thin line of conscientious billionaires and industrialists to protect us from the tyranny of a hoax concocted by 99% of Earth's scientists.
Well their God-Emperor isn't a black Muslim who wasn't even born here so it's different!
Yeah, well that went poorly for me, so it's a no-go now.
That's not new, the original Mac was a AIO.
That is crazy
Clearly the only solution is to abolish the Senate
5
I think for most work environments, being in Reddit is not safe.
I mean, literally wearing a respiratory device.
Don't worry though, now that Trump is in charge of the NLRB workers will be better off than ever
what were your results with a Verizon wife?
On AT&amp;T the 4g+ is LTE.
Even when playing assault scout I still need bits over cover to prepare the next leg of the charge.
Glad to see that he's having some success and that the Colts were part of him seeing his own flame.
What if Pudding whispered to Luffy and Nami "I'm gonna start a war with the Vinsmokes"?
If you keep clips of gameplay short &lt;10 seconds, and use mostly cutscene footage (or video without static elements like HUD) you should be fine, also background music that's easily identifiable or stands out isn't always the best choice, remixes that don't use long samples from the original song or fan covers are good
Except Discovery is far from any services and tough to get to regularly by bus.
Well, he looks like he's finally wearing a homemade costume.
So useful when they go first
shit im fucked then
Literally what they meant by "make America great again".
Explains why I got a skin that wasn't listen on the wiki..
Me at 20 years old reading this "....boooooring...let's party" Now at 37 "great advice wish I took it!"
Thank god
yes, but do you get payed enough to live with those taxes.
You got that right!
Maybe the directors did too much cocaine and mixed up parts with Gohan after his growth spurt with Goku?
Removed belongs in r/VinylMePlease
Do you have the international Exynos model or the American Snapdragon 820 version?
That dance at the end was the cherry on top!
Bulldozer fuel can't melt steel beams.
If you know how to drive then you shouldnt need headlights.
Do it you lazy faggot
* 13 inch 2015 Macbook Pro * Audio-Technica ATH-M50x * Wacom Tablet * Gameboy Advance SP with Super Mario Bros * Taurus PT111 G2 * Hanks Amish Carry Belt * Alien Gear Cloak Tuck 3.0 * 9mm hollow points * iPhone 7 Plus * Big &amp; Bulky Herschel wallet
not very funny, calling Bjergsen the western Faker is more of a joke because Bjergsen is no where near Faker's level at all, the other way around is just cringe-worthy
You forgot the
don't care about security updates?
the programmed soros machines went haywire and sent all the "extra" votes to California instead of the rust belt?
The they should ban polish moon because it's a joke about dumb polish people who thought the clock tower was actually the moon.
Those buffs are still in the supertest iirc and weren't part of the 9.17 patch.
First Muslim ever to deport himself.
He works smarter, not harder.
Ah but don't forgot the obligatory "Hugh Mangos" and the response "HUGE MANGOS WOT" along with the other copypasta shit
Honestly I can't see how the guys at Ninshitpoo can do a worse job then the fans
misplaced zeal.
I googled it to make sure we were thinking of the same body part
Is that donald trump in the top right?
Did (non)guest's already tank out your supply, 30 minutes after you set them out?
President* Trump I hate when people don't call a President by his title, whether it be Bush, Obama, Trump, etc (sorry it's a personal quirk) Also, never wasPresident Obama attacked in the last 8 years
Yes, this sub certainly does't care about depression at all.
You want to fuck obviously
If I got paid as much as he did to cover up the moon landing, I'd punch that guy too.
because they don't have to pay property tax.
No santa is white and there is no way he could possibly be black and that's a fact
"I punished my liver like I walked in and caught it fucking my daughter" - Trophy Scars
Glad ro see this repost is still a thing
Pitt people closed beta just started today, you can still sign up I think same guys that made castle crashers
upvote for boo-boo bus
I thought that was Cam until I read about it the next day, they honestly look pretty much the same to me.
They'd be much better people if they actually were.
Man, if that annoys you, you should see all the police who think that just because they put their lights and sirens on, they're allowed to go faster than the speed limit!
We both know there are no little accidents.
Came all the way down from 46th on the SI ranking to put that one back.
I have a single coffin.
I didn't see it mentioned anywhere, but does it still have a rechargeable battery instead of the replaceable?
South bay area... not even a house here that is that cheap
Yeah, fuck those pipeline approvals and reining in exorbitant dental costs!
I know i'm gonna get called weeaboo, but man, the japanese voice acting is so much better in this series
That's really good!
This seems pretty controversial
a yard at most not quite a mile
Now will they finally get a good president there?
Nothing but fight milk
These comments are really, really creepy.
That's very similar to Mumbai.
No just Nord Firebrands, the other lists only get Firebrands through Raiding Party and Markarth Bannerman, he ran all 3 cards.
This comment is not punk rock
It's harder to dodge in pants
Wait a minute... that Thor mask has the helmet on, but Thor has never worn his helmet on earth.. CONTINUITY ERROR THIS MOVIE IS GARBAGE
Reconvene at r/[redacted]
No it isn't.
It's not hard to let it bleed until you hook up the lock
Yeah its real pathetic how she has to make up this crap so that people on social media can give her 5 mins of attention
LeafyIsHere
If he is in the "friend zone" I'd wager he is a "fake friend" to his Female friends.
He totally felt awkward, and totally had no temptation, hence the long post of self loving he just wrote...
I live in Saudi Arabia, ma tzakerne
Trading Game Card
I guess he was blessed by RNG non stop and must have whaled super super hard since ranking dungeons is all RNG and no skill and crowns only prove that you have money to blow.
I mean *technically* the address is in Euless tho
"there's a snake in my boot"
It has been ages since they had a visitor.
So basically, "fuck the poor"?
They'll tell you that's an Alex Jones' conspiracy theory and that there's no evidence because politifact said so ahahahahah
The former Russian sports minister Vitaly Mutko (and now deputy prime minister) is chairman of the the 2018 World Cup, president of Russian Football Union and is in the FIFA executive committee, but I'm sure the Russian team will be clean
I always think "satire" when i'm reading the NY times
You mean when your ex twin has a sister gf.
Restart your game and it should work.
Soldiers are standing 24x7 at border and they can't stand two minutes
He can't be pale, he's bright green!
I literally cant stop shaking right now.
Why you goddamn antisemitic bastard you!
Why you goddamn antisemitic bastard!
Why you goddamn antisemitic bastard!
Why you goddamn antisemitic bastard!
This is antisemitic goddammit!
Do I... do I really need to explain why it's a little more complicated than your wild oversimplification?
MAGA
nah dude, single moms are definitely just as good as a mother/father team.
Pretty interesting read on the expenses associated with FBO operations in a relatively built-up area
Will you include miscarriages or just abortions?
WoW only runs on Windows 3.1 with a Voodoo 1
He'd absorb them all in 1 episode
:[ means vampire
Did you credit r/raidsecrets for helping you find it?
Now play battlefield 1 with it and call it actual WW1 recordings.
Dead my ass.
An exmo needs to write a new one based on the evidence we have and the admissions by TSCC.
Sexism didn't exist until Hillary ran for prez
The Wire
About as even as Hall for just Larsson, and Adam is my favorite player in the league...
Dude, you are such a noob mercy, good mercys can heal through walls
It worked for Lamborghini, it should work for them, right?
Yeah this is definitely one of weirdest things about the 40's
Don't worry, dickies are on their way in.
You can stand up for what you believe in and still be at one with reality.
You dropped this
You know, 'cause black people are lazy.
Only white people can be racist, of course.
Man, it's shame that there are only two political parties in the United States
I thought that was about Pizzagate
LOL
Or just use a 92 the way God made it.
But all these people were clearly just mentally ill
They're not the same person?
How they handle bad news/defeat/disagreement
I see zero ways this could possibley be a disaster
Definitely not because of global climate hoax.
I had made plans to forget, but now that you've told me not to I'm totally not going to forget.
Are they the ones that have that red skin coating, like frankfurters?
So many cockatiels I have met absolutely love fingers and toes, it's weird!
Nothing wrong here.... please delete this post
"who the hell reads T&amp;C anyway?"
good question.
Can't tell if smartass or really good question.. if I were to consume the exact same amount of alcohol on different nights, but also consumed an entire birthday cake on one of the nights would the hangover be different?
Is it worth it
Can't tell if serious or just shit attempt at joke/troll
Nice flag in your flair dude
sorry i have 8gb of skill in my pc right now just looking to upgrade to 16gb thanks for comment tho
More relevant than twitch followers, DEFINITELY more relevant.
THANK GOD
I wonder what happened to foxy plush's head
Anything shaman is good
Anyone who falls for his "Mang Kanor" moves
It's time you learned about the Tailows and the Porygon-Zs son
YEAH MY DUDES NEVILLE IS BACK
Football = MeatSacks amirite?
Yes we need more a2g
we got swept by the kings last year too, i literally dont get it
While farming crates
Obviously due to Jotaro's PTSD, he hears screaming and fighting all the time in his head so he ignored that too.
Maybe he's like Trump and he's only using the system to his advantage until he's done changing the rules.
Yes, Europe in the middle ages, renowned throughout history for its refined and effective unarmed combat techniques.
But Yasuo is OP
Yeah, guy, it only took 6 movies, not 7!
I've never seen a Widow on the point before....this clip is fake.
I guess we'll have to wait and see
Yep.
how long were yall together?
Ah yes, because the 1940s didn't teach us anything about the idea of the "enemy race".......
Wow, a spraydown, I get one of those every round... not that it matters
Yet he's not a good enough wizard to get good RNG
Those fucking lazy kids should have voted!
It's funny because inferno dragon is shit
It needs a 'spruce' anyway
You forgot to add
What does vision have to do with a skater leveling a goalie in the crease?
The picture is the example picture from the website they linked.
He probably showed them how to use the Burning Hammer, and WWE decided to cut it.
Until you realize, Its okay if the MEAIndia handle is doing this stuff &amp; Sushma Swaraj herself is working on more important issues like diplomatic manoeuvres for NSG seat, being on front of foreign policy making, Relations with neighbours including Pakistan/Bangladesh.
That's exactly what it translates to
It looks like not enough people have told you yet that you could just use "Battlecry: gain Charge" &amp;nbsp;
Fuckin love this season finale.
I do that too!
Ye XD
F. responded to me somewhere
Tiny knight of evil is pretty much as close as you get to Veigar
Dicks erect
I haven't played since S4 and now I'm too lazy to learn all the new shit.
Another case of the black man putting down the white man!
its really undeniable
I'm going to play Priest.
Either timing or compiler optimization gone awry
If climate change exists, how can you explain winter?
27 game season confirmed?
BUT GUYZ THE CIA DOESNT KNOW ANYTHING TRUST ME, IF RUSSIA WAS INVOLVED, T_D WOULD BE THE ONES TO KNOW
The problem with bamboo bikes is that thieves can just saw through the frame, remove the lock and then steal the bike.
Yet still team by team the top 6.
Drop one nade and you have a fury kill.
It's because the RNC wasn't hiding anything interesting.
Ah, y**e**s, a fellow regular of r/emboldentheE
Krautcuckistan YES
Do I deposit it now or when the timer is about to end?
People who do this infuriate the hell out of me, asking me what I want to do and declining everything until my interest happens to magically align with theirs... At that point they're not actually asking me what I want to do, they're asking me to do what they want to do but avoiding actually saying it as if that would make it any better.
Great title
Thanks for the clarification :)
Not the thread for this.
Yeah there's no hyperbole in that statement
That looks stable
Loved it!
Gotta stay strapped brah
Yes
Obviously Comey is a Russian Spy
You must be the only guy who *hasn't* seen it yet...
Because only anorexics care about calories.
I sounds as if you dislike Canada and Canadians.
Try them
RiotLosMuertos
I found thorin
They should really post somewhere on here that you should include your location.
Oh, the poor whiny Europeans, seeing them complain about having their wealth used to house and care for poor, homeless refugees is breaking my heart.
they are pretty different imo, i like mika more now than I did before honestly
unexpected
Try this when the ps4 is turned off hold the power button until you hear 2 beeps doing that will reset the display settings and put it to default resolution(don't know the exact res but the fat text and such) then from there just continue towards the display output settings to change to the res ie 1080i and 1080p/4k
And apparently with that proof is more efficient.
Either Martin Freeman or David Tennant, my days will be filled with even more sarcasm!
Put a ~~ring~~ base on it.
The Ana biotic grenade feels so much like Jarate it's uncanny.
With some better wording and grammar this could be a pretty decent dad joke
Die Hard.
Well in his defense, she was asking for it since she literally texted him and told him that she was drunk.
I expect everything will end up getting moved to youtube, which will definitely damage some of the flashes, Game Over for example.
Calgary, Elite_Canadian my rounds are just soooo ogood and unique that i don't need to check
Yuna is pretty much a protagonist.
Manchester United 2 - 1 Tottenham Mkhitaryan, Pogba 34'
Yes, because a player 3 days into the game will have access to Trinity, the mods to make EV work and a surplus of resources to build energy plates.
B-but it shows 4 cores in task manager!
Yeah, it's spelled "tris"!
"I'm Impressed" by They Might be Giants.
But first, we need to insure that only white males are allowed to be land owners
Can't wait until we surprise everyone and make the 8!
Couldn't you just tell her?
Animal Crossing.
2016 I guess
*patatatatata*
Whoever made this shouldn't have the right to go near a keyboard.
I really don't knHOw.
Its not that bad, at least he's not Romney
If they have learned anything from live broadcasting they are keeping a small delay so they can prevent things like that happening.
Well aren't we all Pacific islanders, I mean we do live on an island in the Pacific.
But kids have smartphones so they deserve to be ripped off
Better than neonate in modern for dredge.
You forgot the
Had this happen with my Nyx a while back, except it affected all of her Absorb as well.
I expected the punchline to be something along the lines of big brother or the man
Treyarch -most likely- realized that the community would much rather have the dragon shield, and made a last minute decision to replace it.
It's also *funny* because this meme was first made about Mystic (and made more sense with the logo colour also being blue).
"omg don't be so judgeful, you know a Christian guy killed someone this year"
But India planted 50 million trees so it's all good!
I'm excited and terrified at the same time
Try turning of your internet to make the ads go away!
My 3 plays Det -7.5 Min -3.5 Philly +3
Exactly, some one could have a bad ass go-cart with that motor.
Yeah dammn those copts and their meddlesome religion
Time to lock away and register the pills individually!
The real question is how can it predate the bible if the bible doesn't mention it...checkmate
I thought this when I first saw him fight.
If I X-Ray some of these images I might.
thanks!
This totally explains why anorexic people are all super fat.
You can't even see who the faces are
easy money?
7.00: Removed Players, Dota is now Bot-Only
No idea, let me know if you figure this one out.
Cubs winning the World Series
I like the support role the most in Battlerite but aside that I do enjoy the HotS model.
Looks like you Mei have died anyway.
But tactics god pep has shown that all that matters is the ability to play out of the back.
I'm sure your Bernie stickers are not stupid at all, tough guy
I only see a comma.
How to beat Thoth, CC HIM AND KILL HIM - Smite Balancing Team
Pretty much any one of them... it's sort of a "catch phrase" in a sense
Yes, so many 21 year olds have mortgages these days.
He used to not have nades but he hasn't been changed recently
how can he bot if he downloaded the client from jagex website?
But who would answer if she's the one calling?
What's a PoC?
Show them how a fake punt really works!
Nah, Asians are terrible drivers
No, we gotta blame Siemian somehow.
POCKET RIKI
not relevant, we were asking about portuguese
you mean america ?
isn't that a shadow market then?
I find Eli to be a very hatable doofus.
I thought about porn....
You seem like a very reasonable person who votes based on policy and character rather than anger and an immature worldview
California has the harshest "seat restriction" laws in the country
Add part of my afternoon to it too.
I dropped this
PMR34LOL #Caitlyn #Vi #Yuri #Oppai
Yeah, he's clearly the reason of all our problems since Fergie left
That's not an Ikari, the Ikari doesn't have side buttons on the right side.
Yep.. We've always had two (and technically more with people like Hilario and Cudicini still around offering advice), but AC's keeper coach directly replaced Lollichon.
#THE
I think I found the wittiest guy on reddit.
There's only one issue with this the focus system has been in the game for more than 2 weeks and is never going to be looked at ever again.
You know, the Javascript Virtual Machine
As opposed to fake immigrants?
Yeah a racist observation you bigoted white male
I gotta remember this, that sounds fun as hell.
MP5
Dunning and Kruger are two different people.
Some people just like hats and wear them however the fuck they want?
Sign me the fuck up
Uh-huh
"Hamburger store" never fails to make me laugh
AliExpress for like $4
But Feminism is just "identity politics" and is not longer needed, amiright?
No dude we should draft a wide receiver first round though, our o line is totally fine
But he started it!
That is literally the worst way you can spend your ISO.
LOL BETTER FIRE HIM.
Hopping the fence to the white house is America's favorite past time!
Lol and just remember, it's all biology and hard wired into women'a brains from birth... it has nothing to do with society
Wasn't stabilized on the way down very well.
They finally got him!
Fair
Yes.
I thought squids on stretched bikes were good at going really fast
Like the All Nox arena with 90% CDR, that was like stage 10 cancer with a side of aids and the dr is trying to cure it by forcing bleach down your throat.
but to drain it we will have to make it deeper.
Bill Clinton did it first!
you forgot the
Yeah, I'm an intelligent person, but my handwriting is neat.
The non standardization and legacy of loading docks, their approaches and freight type and unloading facilities will keep humans involved a LONG time.
Hey now don't under estimate the powers of monopoly turning people into money thieving whores, money always leads to violence
No rookie has ever won a Super Bowl either, so.......
Voluntold?
Can confirm they are in fact up!
you're not thinking big enough
Yeah nothing wrong with hate speech and inciting violence, nothing bad ever happened from this
now I know what to say every time I miss the tyr blink combo.
he should just not hire all those generals cause they are dumbasses and he doesn't need them, he knows more
So I shouldn't update my DSi?
I'm near London, so I suppose free chips is an American thing.
As soon as Trump's reign of terror is over I'm getting the hell out of Britain and getting myself a Green Card.
exactly at 9:45:30 PST (not sure on the exact seconds though)
We should start using Palmyra as a unit of measurement, I'd say Al-Bab is worth at least 3 Palmyras
"But I read from right to left" - Obama
Holy shit they look beautiful
No, it's been four years of trying to stop the Obama administration from doing anything, so it's the same.
That's why we need UBI!
Araquanid's head always tricks me.
After 30 hours the husband left the car and made a call......
It's also about the 3 marines who were shot dead when the afghan police chiefs boy victim opened fire on the base.
GTX 1060
most people didn't like neither of the candidates.
Obviously good games come out after 2 years development!
But can he be a poor man's Meyers L3g3nd?
And I've quit the game, best of luck people.
The mobile app loads Rosenthal's twitter avatar, I was very perplexed at first
yea get a load of this guy... thanks for the insightful comment, you wanker
That would be a fantastic way to get rid of experienced teachers.
Sarcasm doesn't translate too well in written form.
Obviously you have never played league of legends
Kobe was a better 3pt shooter, but that's about it i think
I also type to soothe my lavender plant.
PunkPotato's reddit worthy downvote
but, but...its a NATURAL antifungal remedy to any and all problems, scientists said so!
Pair of C-130's refueling mid-air.
I love jackie chan
Me too dawg
Nukes do not make you a superpower, a lot more goes into it than that.
but only if you open enough treasures!
yeah, cause that 8 Bounty stalkers can be useful in future...i mean, maybe we can stack then, and build a deck with 150% Crit Chance Right?
Wait you mean someone on reddit doesn't like stance
Just wait until tomorrow to install it then
"nope" is wrong, the only acceptable term is "no".
But they're not true Christians like I am!
Just like how middle aged men can grope school girls and not be called out for it?
Yeah, but he won 3 states by less than 1% of the vote (despite also not actually winning a majority) so that doesn't matter.
I'd say probably overall would be Derm: the long hours, call and just the sheer breadth of drugs you have to learn to treat plaque psoriasis is mind boggling.
I'd venture far enough to say the best bench, maybe tied with the Lakers
The same way we're going to get them to pay for the wall!
Avoid history books too
Justfuckmymanureup*
Came here looking for a comment about white text on a white background.
Atlanta could possibly pull the rare "back-to-back opposing coaches fired one week after said fired coach garnered support from front office" Huge morale booster.
The Hash Slinging Slashers.
I did that.
Yes Tumblr is the problem here...
Yes, I'm sure geopolitics move at a glacial pace and the briefings are all copy and pasted from the day before.
Assumed
Not to mention is shuts down after a while to save battery life, so if you're listening to music and want to turn it down, you'll have to: 1. touch the bar to turn it on 2. look for the volume button since you can't feel it anymore 3. touch the volume button 4. slide the volume bar
Thankfully, it's in a nice little sealed plastic container and it's quite small, so it should be just fine!
Flawless logic
And if they view fanart of another troll, then they're cheating on you with someone of that sign.
Banks are notorious for supporting legacy systems that are decades out of date.
A ticket to a musically-event duh.
You forgot the
What do you mean?
It is still not at the main locations that get my business regularly.
Yes I get that.
Yes
Lucario vs Link in Smash 4
if you got nothing to hide you got nothing to worry about!
Awesome logic!
Alex Jones is *clearly* misinformed, it's Hillary that gets people assassinated.
NO WAIIIIIIIIIIIII
Yeah , it was just melee weapons and camos in bo3 as well.
Yeah.. That's why.
Those are pedophile code words, aren't they.
"Because that's weeirrrdd!!"
shock value
8-7!
Just you wait till I get out of Gold, her playrate is going to reach new heights
SUCK IT, SONY FANBOI
It's not like this could have been predicted.
You seem like a very logical person with a good head on their shoulders who doesn't exaggerate.
T.krug just fuckin hammer d Shaw
Not a lot of options unless you want a flip phone or the 5$ indian phone
Also he is more likely to recieve another buff now!
How about after a search of 7-9 days, they re-hire Fisher?
You'd think that he'd appreciate a creative and original tweet like that.
This can only end well
He'll be snubbed for more grit
He has point.
My 2001 was declared totalled just the other day, I hope you don't have the same fate, I feel for you
Hey, how about roller balls?
Wow man, that's so NSFW stuff there, but man is it hot
Seattle folk don't root for the Blazers.
Would suck if every adc wasn't glass cannon
"I just didn't speak enough Russian" he later told reporters.
And what the hell are they doing with Swagger?
it was clearly just evening things out for Mitchell's run
It's so Fulla Schiit
He's just being aggressive
good time to start then
does your finger have a boner?
voynov
Do you have any free things for me
when the colonizers build over sacred grounds of the natives and show it off like its cool smh
He's infamous for his corruption and control of media of Cambodia right?
Try mo si Mel Tiangco.
It's not really addictive anyway
13 is a little young to be a Microsoft Expert
Yes, it should say cis....but then that cuts out trans and otherkin.
20 euri dalla vicina di casa
Thank you for hacking our election, Russia!
Don't speak to me or my css ever again.
Male consequence is having to go through college and all the certifications to become a chartered surveyor just to make as much money as a city stripper.
WHOA, serious kudos for all that work!
I guess that makes this ok, then.
That's good to hear, I wish you the best.
You need to flank more!
It's weird Gent is happy with this draw given the fact Tottenham isn't exactly much better then the likes of a Lyon and Valencia (yeay I know Valencia and Wolfsburg suck right now but you get the point)
that moment when an omni evo elgif has no SP's and no alternate lore
There's always a possibility that eldritch horror that blundered into the wrong dimension and laid waste to nascent civilisations for centuries until it was banished might come back and finish the job.
You got the new MacBook early!
Well such and such can't be true because, common sense and I am very smart.
Nice meme
How brave of you
That I did not know what a potato is in front of my girlfriend's parents
So I guess we're on the "indulge in salty revenge fantasies" stage of grief.
How should I recalculate my maxes if I'm going back to the gym after being in the hospital for a month and a half?
I think was up to 60+ before I realized they weren't set to update automatically on wifi.
It's actually a thin layer of snow on the cars top hat
Don't feel down I really liked the tiny ladybug more than your hands
Please, anyone who has a different opinion than I must be because of sponsored agendas, since I am on the side of truth and justice!
I'm sure Loretta Lynch and the Justice Department will be monitoring this closely to make sure there is no voter intimidation in these letters.
So, reversing the polarity?
Can you recommend a tailor in Bangkok?
What's your age?
Ya, it's possible
Well, why can't they just dip into their *health savings account*?
Probably because they're the job creators and will give back through trickle-down economics.
Build *another* pipe to go around the secondary pipe!
Couging it is much more entertaining.
She looks pleased, yet able to contain herself.
Chocobos dont count towards Gladio's skill leveling :(
Implying domestic musicians have jobs.
Scout should have a much shorter cooldown, and sunder should execute
What if I actually only want 3 now?
So there's no story line is what you're saying?
Why you gotta steal my meme fam?
How can there be global warming if there are still icebergs?
Let's hope Agbonlahor is out wide and not Kodjia
Before 7.00 was not like this, patch notes do not reveal this change, hence not sure it was intended.
Wow, this really helped my life.
in the south when one snowflake drops the roads shut down and riots start happening
Make the sides from really thick stock to make sure the jewelry is safe and then put some chunky dividers in to make sure it's well organized.
so late to the party lol, people are downloading the patch right now
Well, we also couldn't remember what Republicans did to America, but, to be fair, it WAS a whole 8 years ago...
What the hell are you on about?
LOL... That's way to risky
Searching for such is blocked too haha
It was an
lala master race
I can procrastinate doing literally anything.
Addicts are people too!
But he was good on faceoffs though...
Matt Martin is literally Kadri confirmed
nice salt
I think you forgot the
don't pretend to be gay for Keanu to make up for assuming that I was a guy, asshole...
If you're Indian, you just have to wait for the Europeans to come so that you can catch a few plagues or something for the tech boost
No, that was over whether to use three or two fingers when making a cross
Ikr sun and moon were so shit for adding Lurantis and Tsareena It was one humanoid physical grass or the other
no dems aren't like that
Extraordinary UI design.
But....But....but, larger is always better
Most people do, but keep it up!
Where the fuck is persona 4
Sorry to bother you with this ... Could you if you have the time, to take a screenshot with AA enabled through crimson settings and one without it ?
Is someone claiming this happened?
Yeah I know its dubstep heavy but it slaps and has some gems, so just enjoy.
Science tells us that the people of the southern states are really just the descendants of a lost tribe of Russians.
But I thought it was the liberals who need safe spaces because they can't handle the #pizzagate #obamafoundedisis reality?
At this point, since his team is stinking up the Texas Triangle, he might as well support the other Texas teams.
Soon^^tm
My 280x would hate me if I tried that...But i should really try to stick to 2, I just dont want to miss out on any games
That knife throw is pretty much how I picture him and Melindhra
Nothing like good help to make your day easier!
Haha I'll second this
It wasnt removed, it was unstickied.
You mean dust 11?
Yep, cause destroying a book that doesn't belong to you because you're a lazy sack of shit is totally rational.
Lunqvist to Dallas confirmed.
What a shocker
Because normal people respond to a variety of 911 calls with limited information.
I don't disagree but I submit as evidence everything they've done in the South China sea to expand their claims over the region.
They have a few (four or five maybe) designated spots in that pay lot for patrons.
Yes, please use the search bar to see if your post has been posted before.
You forgot the
3 On 3 NHL Arcade is the best hockey game since Blades of Steel.
It's 'cause you're using the NV4 :'(
NERFLOKIPLS
I made cardstock cutouts in small-blast size; printed them out, have a nice green mist with a deathguard symbol in it.
You dropped this
Like magnetic sands through the hourglass...
Atleast he doesn't has his own name tattooed on himself.
If fat magically cancelled out carbs then I wouldn't have been morbidly obese.
The OPP is "on" it.
I'm sure it'll be unlocked via supply drop soon
gee, I wonder what country...
Based on that reasoning then, what evidence is there that she was that far north after 'pinging' the Whitelaw tower?
probably 18 to work, 21 to legally drink away the sorrows of not working
I would also request some proof
The mask is a strong call, pigeons are filthy.
Wish this could have been on the front page when the_duped voted up Trumps tweet claiming people only started claiming a Russian hack after Hillary lost.
EG boy
it lets me relive my ardan vanguard clutches and proceed to ask my friends to bow to me
Alu or acrylic?
Season 22, Episode 11
Article is about the Philippines, not the United States of America
Get back together and break up with her
Kinda like those plastic spinning rims
better fill them up with as much money as possible
Username checks out
Yeah, no point in anyone playing medic now.
A team of players who are working together and know what they're doing will roflstomp any group of randoms they come across.
You say this jokingly but if an AI is truly sapient wouldn't it deserve all the same rights as any other form of life?
White wine + coca cola @ 50/50
You're clearly an Alex Jones conspiracay theorist
you're not gay if you eat chick-fil-a
She could be a post-DS9 command officer?
What are you playing on, a potato?
Hm...21/4 balloons, 17/4 princes...19/4 giant skeleton...I wonder why anyone would donate epics?
Ew.
Not a bot, he's in NmY squadron, if have doubt I've put up the server replay link.
Exceedingly helpful advice
Post from kuroky is make to distract from the fact that liquid didn't even qualify for the major.
I'm just crying.
As a fun Sunday school lesson: now kids, lets figure out how many kitties and how many puppies drowned in the flood...
Cmon now everybody says how flurry was super broken while almost nobody was playing rogue pre-nerf when you could even combo it with oil.
I'd stop using a tenth of the metric system, but there's no replacement in imperial units for that :P
In my highly inexperienced unprofessional opinion: If you're doing lots of collaborating with multiple people working on the script, use WriterDuet; if you're just using it for yourself, use Fade In.
Yeah making those 2 saves on the empty net was atrocious defense!
Wow such a whore , men can't be gentle these days
Brad Stevens is worth wayyyyyy more than Jimmy Butler
Fear culture is a powerful thing.
Did you per chance drop this?
She'll be legal here in the UK, so his sentence seems less bad to me
Just follow the left wall dude.
lol aye, but look at the touch maps that get posted here after most games, millers always in the thick of it, one of the busiest players on the pitch, but I agree he is a stop gap, the whole "best left back" is just a meme, the winky smiley face is just my refusal to
I prefer friendship bracelets
Probably foreigners making up this stuff, like those "ethnics" that come here and take our jobs
Oh, well that's not too bad then I guess...
doubt the yaks are "regular consumers"
What are you talking about, we've got until 2030 to win a championship.
Beautiful beautiful spitfires.
But dat extra cdr is totally worth it tho
Thanks Donald!
Thanks to everyone who answered!
You forgot
I used to play with him and his son, it was very shocking when I heard this yesterday
I, too, decry capitalism while reaping the benefits.
It's easy to be a non-profit when you forcibly take from the public.
It's obvious that he isn't saying that most young muslims are terrorists.
idk man, got that new batman vs superman movie
They make good ammo for potato cannons I hear...
THIS KIND OF ATTITUDE IS WHY TRUMP WON!
sigh... once again this shows white privilege.... they have better weapons than the blacks
Hey at least it will be just about another year until we might get another shot at universal vacuum and I can finally use my dogs or cats without feeling like handicapping myself.
The political dynasty couple kind of thing probably helps
Snagglepuss in the flesh, skin even!
However, pinging enemy missing over the top of their dead body helps them play much better!
Sooo pretty much real life.
But we don't need no stinkin' badges!
Next they'll be appropriating Iron Man to Female!
Yeah, I want my Hydra with purple neon
WE FOUND JOJI'S REDDIT ACCOUNT YOOOOOOOOOOOO
'member, Breitbart is the only true news source.
Meh that's generous.
Fairly certain that it's been said that Yellowstar didn't want to pick up RO and Huni at the first place.
SPACE
unless you hedge with physical gold you personally own not really much of a hedge.
The "name"
Because there is infinite ways to take advantage of people!
Fnjazzy
Why is there suddenly more incidents with Korean tourists in Osaka?
That's actually pretty close.
Hey she did that with her own hands don't blame the manadarin
I think you forgot the
yep, through the roof.
Drunk Michael Floyd is probably better than all of our receivers last week.
Splitting an English muffin properly
It makes me horny
I was kinda worried they wouldn't
Yay breitbart
Yeah, they earned it.
I got rank 3 hp pot from mythic maw of souls final boss.
Woher ich den Eindruck nun hatte kann ich dir auch nicht sagen.
In Minnesota our Democratic Party (The democratic farmer and laborer party) is a relic of the progressive movement.
YUGE FTFY This is Trump's America now!
Mediocre roster.
Mod list?
Our DM said we could only give out free brewed coffee and tea... that went over well
Right... because Sony was about to go bankrupt until they jacked the price from $5 to $10 on this retail loyalty site...
I know I'm good, but this just confirms it.
Sometimes you just gotta put the
those fucking title covering compilation
Just throwing this out there but if you run the sample video in Windows Media Player on repeat it won't sleep...
Your being dramatic.
Just tell insurance you was involved in the wreck and get a new truck
3 years later and they finally disclose this?
He's known as a violinist first then a basketball player.
I think they wanted people to build collections very quickly at that stage so they would have more information to work with for balancing.
Why are you copying decks anyway, scrub?
Trumps president, I don't have to be inclusive anymore.
I own the battlechest IRL I just don't have it where I currently reside.
No, please don't leave the union.
Yup, it's exactly the same place as where we find Priscilla in DS1, though the surrounding landscape is totally different.
Someone's gotta make sure the frogs stop being gay.
Thanks for the spoiler!
Lol
I was not aware of a secret ending.
This will certainly stop people using The Pirate Bay.
the left has always been obsessed with identity politics its ridiculous
*white as well*
*silence...
You can't delete a sub even if you leave the mod position it still stays active.
golovkin is half chinese half russian doe.
Oh wow, you came up with that yourself?
Oh come on, that wouldn't start a war!
Easily 10 hours to get lulu's celestial weapon anyway haha
tbh when I see al the clowns playing pro CS:GO , they could use some Korean disciplined teams.
If you want to experience rejection, yeah, go ahead.
Pfft only 7?
It looked like all the Ts were outside, so it just made sense to watch the CT guarding it.
Judges these days just don't understand the urgency of a sexual emergency
Clearly old Hammer man needs to be retired :\^)
All is well in Zion; yea, Zion prospereth, all is well.
So what you're saying is that people that were less valiant in the preexistence were born in sunnier places.
Really hope you dropped a
I don't know man there was one statue to the virgin Mary with a kneeler infront of it at my church the 10 statues of Jesus might of been there to throw people off.
Not mine but Pretty Fly for a WiFi is probably my favorite one I've seen
But Garry, that 0.03% of players have, as a whole, played the game for over 500,000 hours therefore they are the experts.
Now that I have a good one they should just drop the rate to 0%.
Let's disregard the mass genocide of their own people that has occurred in basically every socialist country, socialism fails because the rest of the world sucks!
The best parts!
Hey, it's not like he disputed those very allegations on camera in a debate a few weeks before the election or anything
Happy Labor Day!
I SMASH FROM THE BACK!
You've just been placed on a list.
I am an American and I am deeply offended that I am not the center of your world.
Hey, there's this RGIII fella who will likely be available...should we trade a pick for him to make sure we can lock him up before the market does?
*Vape and a crepe
Are the gumballs protruding from the machine?
All the extinct species.
Well yeah lifelong Cub fans since 2015 wanna know their players
My favorite part was watching Tone explode.
Great to see the company that sorted the Jews for Hitler is still actively sorting people and verifying who they are, add in the work in AI what could go wrong
Nice job man
I had the same thought, except when I think of Phaedra and Porsha I obviously think of people with successful relationships and good sense in finding partners.
This is the internet where only your opinion matters
Oh did you get TRIGGERED?
Ah but you see, Saudi Arabia isn't homophobic or misogynistic, it's just a different culture!
Kind of like how anyone showing support for Hillary must be a part of "CTR"
White Wedding would be inappropriate as well... cuzz you know white people should not be having families.
google?
Goes for any other place besides USA.
Who is this guy?
Ripper and Overdrive.
Email, apparently
Good thing Trump is a property developer, few Trump towers will fix up Aleppo.
Try :x to save and quit.
Sounds like an addiction
There's a reason why Islam warns against thinking about Islam too hard
Them Facebook ads says I can make $93,999/yr with a CCNA if I just buy their $2000 course!
It's a conspiracy by the solar power lobbyists!
yeah right, black people dont know math.
And if you don't have that kind of intelligence, you shouldn't be allowed look at pretty pictures, read dad-joke-level puns, enjoy cats being bad at being cats, or any of the SERIOUSLY IMPORTANT SMART PEOPLE STUFF that Reddit is clearly exclusively for.
No, you should just get over it
LABEL NSFW PLZ
I guess simply assuming it to be true is not technically a circular argument, but I find it equally unconvincing.
Oh yes, Joe Arpaio is the genius we've been waiting on to crack this case.
But No Man's Sky was shiiiiiiiiiit and Sean Murray should be sued and publicly execuuuuuuuuuuuuted!
Haha no fucking way, I might be able to keep these?
Something tells me that the pre-Civil War Democratic Party didn't have much of an opinion on gay rights or net neutrality, but sure, other than that, same platform.
Shiv Sena
We can settle on you being an asshole.
The hottest week is almost there, time to eliminate television, radio, belgian newspapers from life till the 27th of december
The shotgun, H1Z1...
Android Pay, probably.
You mean James Spader talking in his mid-Atlantic English accent doesn't fill the void?
One month fuck me
ew nerds
*FoodoftheGods*
I dunno, you could argue that their ranged weapon was their backup weapon that they used when they were not in melee range ;)
Well, at least this way they can remember the cake forever.
League wasn't $60 at launch.
This is both why the party needs a bard and why the party doesn't need a bard at once
I believe it
Congrats
You stay the hell away from Fuente!
Spoken like a true narrow minded theist.
To hell with your political correctness, I want to show off that I support genocide and hate jews!
Downvote and move on, why be an asshole?
No, obviously systemic racism does not exist anymore
It's a troll post.. and you just got baited.
Invite me
So... Non-fiction is the non-news right?
Sometimes baby just needs a little pick-me-up in the morning, what's wrong with that?
Just trust them, they have all of our best interests in mind.
Yeah because if they hadn't gone over to god-knows-what country and kill a bunch of randoms we would have been run over.
We may never know the motive
Yea......cause that's the same thing
But it's juuuuust a gaaaaaame.
Yeah todays game where totally like that, what with Inno getting all those starports to build so many ravens and vikings.
Yeah this is good for America
I've watched one piece from end to end, 8 times now and it never gets old.
That would require a massive balance change to shift the weight of the ship to slow proper viewing angles.
I really hope this is a joke and you don't think the world is magic.
Not much has changed since the 70's so probably no reason to adjust policy for boomers.
Awesome, thanks!
It'd be a shame if this somehow reached r/all...
He was done he shouldn't have hit him that last time
I hear the game was rushed
Facing the Brees owner that may be the right call if it becomes a shootout.
WE'RE GOING TO NEED HIGHER ENERGY THAN BEFORE
No no, it's fake news remember?
Ugh that's so cool
You're absolutely sure?
That's because blood without oxygen is blue, get with it!
Ya gotta add
Depression: Inauguration Acceptance: After first 100 days because he was way better than they thought
So if his tapes were I the closet, how long u til you came out the closet?
Of course, someone who has a nuanced opinion you don't share must be corrupt, it only stands to reason.
Maybe Hera has a secret evil twin that will turn good after Hera's death?
I got to agree with you there.
wow fp why do you keep nerfing the spear?
I wish he was dead tbh
No, I am one though
Couldn't be at a more convrnient time of year
Found the racist.
He's being traded soon so why bother
Yeah 'cause GTA Online updates are pure fucking quality.
But if you take a close look at the hook, it's actually very beautiful, champ!
Never would have happened if all KFC employees were issued a gun.
ELI5 please?
Really dude...
Statement stands
This too is a capitalist conspiracy against Maduro!
"oMG IN FNAFSIX YOU DEFND URSELF BY DABBING"
Yeh the kid in the pic Op posting is actually holding a real gun!
except kenny, so he can go to g2
Secretly Putin is an accelerationist and just wanted to galvanize the American far left into action
Well, humans like GCDad exist, so...
What about negative values?, maybe she just wants to date a time traveler.
Or as much sense as that analogy, which is open to interpretation lol
We celebrate accomplishment, not failure.
Was this edited?
Oh I see you've met my wife.
No it totally is!
You mean a walk won't cure an abscess in her mouth?
I'm cool with rape and murder but smoking might be just a little bit too extreme to show on TV
Former BNM Governor Zeti probably will; but this Muhammad bin Ibrahim will give HIGH-5 to Noh Omar.
You have fus after you kill the dragon outside whiterun
Yup, anyone who isn't pushing for Trump to have a list of gun-owning Muslims is a conservative.
No
Yea great example, I see Gold players pull off insecs / wardjumps consistently which would have been unthinkable three years ago.
"Why the f*** do I get hit by these blue shells all the time, honestly!"
Selling: Rubies: 800 pp Stock: 150 Selling: Emeralds: 600 pp Stock: 150 Selling: Amethyst: 1000 pp Stock: 120 IGN Is CheeseBurgerGuy142, just follow me if you wanna buy some gems!
You are victim blaming you cis scum it wasn't her fault
Then just turn the mirror 90 degrees... duh
U forgot the
haha yea and then the hs deck gets transformed into this one turn huge tempo swing blade flurry + xyz combo like its a miracle and people just think oh thats why its miracle but now its just auctioneer draw
It will melt eventually, anyway.
then why didnt i get masters
That is not how that works
A catapult.
That dude who's the best leftback in the league?
Your girlfriends imitation of you is to become a hunch backed Gorilla?
Cmon man I want my smoke grenade viktor 3.0 :(
Around here, they're on the same pump housing, just a different hose.
I didn't look at her the same way I looked at D.Va.
Most liberals agree with him (bernie), im far left and always against mergers
2me_irl4me Except for the psoriasis
Good work comrade!
Because she has a weak early game
He closed pizzagate which was a conspiracy that linked pizza to child rapists so clearly he is also a pedophile
What I really like is that even if he's melee he's able to push lane hard and that let's you roam easily and snowball from that.
The fun of a conspiracy is that it generally doesn't happen in plain sight.
She's, uhh, unique..?
Specifically that left hook
LMFAO when those prayers started this is unreal haha
*From behind, this salt shaker looks like a klansman.
Yeah it's not like ADHD is a chemical imbalance or anything and not just a behavioural disorder.
Yeah, because he was totally responsible for 100% of that, had nothing to do with congress or factors outside of government
Really good, but way too fast.
I'm sorry making a toys for something clearly not meant for children gives totally makes it okay...
Pitioss
Just play 99 toad rallies.
From seventh of January 1940, so it'd still go on for some five months.
I need this text tone.
I mean some people just hit the genetic lottery
Unleash Lord Mikel!
Hhnnnnnggggg
Xenomorphs vamoose!
This is the anti Max Reddit it keeps it alive.
The same thing is happening to Vancouver just from a different country (China instead of Mexico)
"Unfortunately", right...
Of course it's Hoell smh
I used to feel the same way as you, but when you start working with gigantic assemblies, you'll see pretty substantial performance improvements by reducing the total number of mates that need to be solved by fixing components when you have them mated in the proper place.
Only need to increase from a 12b to 128b market cap in 12 months... It's possible!
We want Bama!
I thought the commerce clause said "and Congress has unlimited authority to make laws so long as they include the word commerce in the title".
I love the paracord job.
We do?
Yea because when every word can make or break relations, start wars and create chaos who would want you to proof read first.
I not knock on you for typing that, I'm agreeing with you.
Yeah, I'm sure OP is thriving on the 22 karma he got from this.
All lives matter
*how dare you*
Operation mincemeat was... something...
As a tank who has done this by accident, can confirm that's what happened..
Not so viciously anymore
That's what I was thinking as well!
The circlejerk, jesus christ...
That's not what I asked.
Hence the name "Sadcringe"
100%!
They're literally doing these children a favour!
Machete order for the first run through lol
I picture everyone waking up all hazy-eyed after the party and OP, wild-eyed, covered in spit and sweat, is savagely trying to put this knife where the middle pedal should go on the keyboard.
Lillard is already playing!
Their history had persecution but now that it's outlawed, they receive no persecution whatsoever
G4 confirmed to be cancelled
And his wife?
No tourney for that
I don't really have any social media anymore except for an Instagram account that I don't post anything, and I only follow celebrities.
Graduated college, applied to many jobs, took the first offer
b...but he's a pleb religus nuuut!
Cats run off heat, that's why they don't like water
#SELF-HATING HOMOPHOBE!
And in every drop of cum theres the sequel!
"i'm not the warmonger what are you talking about i only took control and killed half the people in *one* city"
META
Yes, because we all know the Law is perfect and the ultimate instance of morality and character.
You probably had the old one, now they've added paint thinner to make it less thick.
No, is not rooted by default, probably unlocking bootloader is needed for that
gr8 counter argument
This is the kind of thing people mean when they talk about how ASCII looks cleaner and it's easier to identify what you're looking at.
She is the baddest woman to ever live so he should give a fuck.
Yes, we should remove even this niche and inconsequential use these things have and make them truly completely pointless.
from fake news obviously
because it would widen the "ch'ti" area by at least a 2 factor and the french probably couldn't handle it
He can't even THROOW a molly.
Silly OP, don't you know that it's only sexism if it's women who are on the receiving end?
I think it's more like child and his grandmother die because grandmother didn't keep a hand on child who was clearly too young to be walking that close to the road... That and the driver appeared to be driving too fast for a road that size.
He dropped this:
Him?
Gotta get those sweet, sweet, drugs for your poor kindergartner who prefers playing than sitting still!
They mentioned subtly at the bottom of the article that you will be able to buy the D.Va announcer without a virtual ticket later, but the D.Va portrait is BlizzCon exclusive.
cool, thanks for some confirmation
Been thinking this would be perfect for him
When a liar lies about a liar, do we multiply it, or does it go exponentially so we can score the magnitude of the lie?
Those guys are all terrible shooters, gimme Br3wer all day.
Thats just so we can come with a solution in silence.
Not even a promising rugby career?
He can sit on him if he wants
Na that woulda been OPI because he ran into DRC and forced him.
It's not a replacement, they're just going to be selling it instead.
Can you please put up a link?
if they are shadoebanned, we wouldn't be able to see their comments, dumbass
I mean it's in its 10th season, how could you deny it?
HTC HD2
But we are getting the peaceful Muslims.
Non, stop that It's not Markiplier.
Didn't think I needed the
TIL the annual sunshine hours are the same in Trent and Naples, hence olive trees are racist!
We get paid too much
"It was a *prank*, bro!"
thanks man appreciate it &lt;3
Yeah the fact they waited like a quarter before deciding to make the change to the longer spikes was just beyond me.
I feel this on a spiritual level (except it involves chocolate for me)
He transferred?
Well you can survive a trump presidency, you privileged piece of crap, but if HRC doesn't run this country, millions won't.
It'll be her turn for real next time!
Even a FRACTION of a point would be the most points scored in any baseball game, EVER!
Hear what?
Just use a different wall plug.
It's true, the 200 million in shares he holds will never cross his mind.
Lol the name means "motherfucker" in korean Shibasaki vs shibal saki
Same here
Thank you for politely trying to convert me!
grab 'em by the p*ssy pie
Call me old, but I still feel like that's just a crazy fad that these kids are doing now a days.
Assuming there are no positions when I went to enlist, would I then be placed on a waiting list?
can it be The Legendary Super Kanye 2!
Too much testosterone bro
Whatever bean boy.
He's got a taxpayer subsidized Hotel blocks from the White House he could go to.
Democrats and Republicans switched sides
It's canon to me!
Not sure what the gauge is, it was just some solid core jumper wire I had.
Anyone who wasn't here before they implemented local area codes must be a California transplant!
or how TAM like to call him, "The Decisionator"
Not quite...
musketeer
This deserved more karma
Romo would've got 110% completion rate
You forgot the
Civ 4 got a huuge upgrade!
This attitude is why the Dems failed at convincing enough people to vote for their candidate.
Yeah she's a winner, she wasn't being self entitled though, just helping me make good choices for my wedding... It was always me misreading her and making her out to be a horrible person when all she was doing was helping.
you're right, we just keep missing
It doesn't matter what I load, I die because I'm in the desert
Cause no one on reddit whores for internet points
Don't worry people in Syria aren't really human so their problems aren't really important.
So take them off your post?
Just look when you get a minute, I don't have a white crown though unfortunately.
Good thing our mayor and county commissioners are doing everything in their power to prioritize mitigating the effects of climate change and sea level rise
I hear Bama's doing okay now...fuck it I'm not even gonna finish the joke.
No man ban babies
Destroy your ego and rebuild it.
Lol yeah who wouldn't wear a shirt
Those disabled children are just jobless freeloaders trying to leech off of the system.
The bug team is not the dlc team
Figures :/ i like the idea of ancile but it feels like its missing something.
Spero di uscirne da informatico, menomale amo le materie che ci sono (tranne Logica, non m'interessa piu di tanto)
I'm sure there wouldn't be any political cost at all to that
Any decade now the "regulate marijuana like tomatoes" ballot measure will be waiting to usher California into the perfect most magical cannabis laws in the world...just keep the faith it's bound to happen folks
I wasn't aware that gay people all are one monolithic group who all agree on everything and think exactly the same.
Forgot the
Nico had nowhere to go with Ves pushing him out.
There was Estonia as grey area presented
Romo would've gotten to 90
Matic, I have no idea why he always scores with his weak foot against me.
These people are charging 20k a year to teach you things and I'm the dumbass who didn't go to college.
Is the secret that everyone is a Replicant, or maybe everyone is a replicant and they were hunting humans!
Just like we have the need for more Loadout REQs right?
Yes I did.
Great constructive criticism, I am sure u helped jagex a lot making the 5th tournament better!
U forgot something, here:
Are these the same polls that had HRC winning with a landslide victory?
Sanders still has a chance at winning, guys!
It's significantly better than torque though
But they're the wrong kind of white, so we're still good to discriminate.
But but but, Republicans are for small government!
Also Zeke is sitting on the sidelines
Facebook is bombarded with people looking for Beiber :O
Is that DJ NEEK that owns assc?
No but you don't understand, *I* just got Silenced because I'm a temporarily embarrassed Grandmaster player and super passionate about this game and I only get angry because these knuckledraggers are pulling me down!
Google Access Hollywood Donald Trump Billy Bush.
Yeah but how many of them were over 10 yards?
OBVIOUSLY Mario
I knew there was something fucky about that guy!
Doesn't make the hurt any less though.
He was just practicing his religious freedom.
~~A~~RSPCA, step off the horse, and hand me the blunt.
no problem, and you too!
DINO's....just let 'em go.
Maybe it will be replaced by a mettricks because we need another one of them!
AP Yi so much fun
Mhmm mhmm...and the second part?
Tell them you smoke, then go outside and eat instead of smoke.
Voice Chat
Is that why there's a pilot shortage?
Come on Arshakyan was also a Golden boot winner!
Because falling to your death was fun.
Nah, it was Jill Stein's fault
pretty sure that's not how wars are started.
you forgot your
Great, I can finally browse bertstrips without worrying what the kids will see
Pero como no va a ser "picante" si viene de ambito financiero, un reconocido hub de kirchneristas, zurdos y demas lacras de esta gran nacion.
Plot Twist: It's a multiplayer remake of Fog from Ghosts.
Yes we should just go kill all muslims
Username checks out
OU-who now?
Should have had his blinker on in the beginning if he was planning on turning
Obviously they're more caring and emotionally supportive of my pet/family member because women are all emotional
It was really just Michael Jordan behind it all.
Unless its a homeopathic dose.
green puzzleknot is actually getting played tho, white puzzleknot or bust
What.
and pay for it with your American Express credit card
Ughhhhh u dummies its only a SMALL FIRE
By stealing all the jobs from honest, hard working British people.
Translation: "Would removing Roadhog from the game be an improvement to the current meta?"
Fuckin 20 tick
You have junkrat and roadhog
But Trump is going to cause the apocalypse and is Hitler and Stalin multiplied by a billion.
If you find this question interesting, I'd recommend the novel The First Fifteen Lives of Harry August which deals with this question.
Very fixe!
Source please!
The crutches really bring the picture together.
Thanks for the tip, I hadn't thought of that!
Just crazy glue it back in it'll be fine
Doom-doom, doom-doom-doom, doom, doom-doom-doom....
everybody knows that religious people go to heaven and have 40 virgins as a gift
Oh yeah, Gladiator was shit, wasn't it?
Yeah, Cam could've really hurt him when he threw that ball.
Those light switches behind you are the only things you'll ever be able to turn on.
Any meme tungkol kay Pres, ayaw daw niya
Has he submitted his timesheet tho
I didn't know that 100 gems was f2p
Historically, that's a good thing so I'm ok with it.
Post your gear ALso try it in a mix with drums and bass, and play with your tone knob, keep the gain at noon
Sometime after 69 and 72?
Well its best it get pissed off and jump to conclusions without asking them.
Can this be punished by the osu!law ?
even if charles johnson was in the game would he have done anything anyways?
Blind fighter who needs to have awareness to be useful.
Uninstall it
Yeah, for *true* Christians, *papist*.
Last year kind of dicked us over since it raised expectations too soon.
I've heard it'll be the next game with gold
Of course it's small government, they're giving all of the power to one man.
I hope this is
Sounds like a Raiders fan.
He's an ADC main, that explains it
oh wow never expect that
I think Allah will understand
Shocking
No but somehow racists opinions are worth considering before making policy change now
Did you forget the
You forgot Tag Heuer
No, you will get a chainsaw with a complementary leatherface mask.
Trump literally won because you typed that comment just now
idgi
F3/c1 player, no galleon, no lushens, but atleast c2u blessed me with camilla and tiana lol
You're probably that person that eats my tracer ult every time, if so, fuck you too
I class petty theft quite differently from rape.
I think its "wMarker"
So "FIFA 18"?
my question is how do you have 3 perfect dragonites, I have yet to find my first one
He won 10, but he received one only
Yo man she got a friend who shares her interests you could hook me up with?
Yeah nobody saw this one coming at all
Oh yeah, I remember that time I was stuck on Zelda and the manual told me how to finish the dungeon.
We're just waiting for Tom Arnold to release the tapes.
Seems like they randomly pick people and send them based on billing address
Thanks for the loud flair
But you can tell they're being abused, I mean just look at their eyes!
thatsthejoke.pict
Japanese bias
Well, what do you think this lady does for a living, hub?
Means should have played dps killa
Great, now I can update my ransomware to counter it
Olaf passive, tryn ult, kogma autos and garren passive on a channel.
New 52 Supes just got so shat on for them to finally kill him, it's just sweeping the problems under the rug.
Those Scottish immigrant families will never learn to assimilate properly into our culture, will they?
5.75M isn't exactly "low-risk"...I know it's one year, but I feel like that expression gets thrown around way too much
I love the 'blowout diaper' at the top.
No, it's "Please don't make *me* hate semen."
Lourlo's laugh at the end makes it for me
Personality test comment might be solely related to his employment at West World, "We know everything about our guests, as we know everything about our employees."
I like the fact that they're so sure of themselves and this movie.
the sex part is... LMAO
Gay for pay is a thing, my friend.
He's just being smart.
We are all mortar shells on this blessed day
M50s wish they were 95% of the monk+
I am sure there is a paragraph in his book about it just give him another $27
OP just wanted to show off his sick tower
We're not allowed to swear on the internet
Researching is too hard
Yeah, poor fans, especially the ones who were looking forward to seeing their first away CL match ever :( It's the year of thunderstorm cancellations for us Germans anyway, three big music festivals were stopped due to heavy thunderstorms this year.
Ahh harmless wishful thinking
No brake pads are sold in the same box that any similar sized pads will fit in to ie: an 05 subura outback pads may be packaged in the same box as an 08 Chevy Malibu, just with a different part number.
NUGGERS
When they realize they only have 3 actual customers left maybe they'll change their minds
*unpresidented
But we just love that Y1 hunt and grind though
Dude you aren't kidding I know the OP and the guy in the photo the OP follows him around everywhere and talks about hentai with him
Pretty sure she's his IRL wife based on recorded history of the actual Thorfinn Karlsefni
unfortunately i only game on my ps4.
he hanjo
You mean Duel Commander
This is so cool!
You forgot the
ha yeah i guess i couldve led with that.... actually, i think i only had one pick win on their ballot in my area, so im really thrilled all around......
not gonna lie... but I think the lime light has made Pauline soft
Did you win?
Right, because we know WW3 was going to happen, no question, with x very specific circumstance, but have zero evidence for climate change.
I'm definitely not one to sneak out or sneak people into the house, unfortunately.
Yeah, but has she always been a she?
you meant reformed egyptian, right?
Putin's plans for the west should worry you no matter what your ethnicity and current job status looks like.
My best 100 gem was a Sleep Blade (IV).
The ridiculous storyline that make a lot of contrivances in order to make it seem less ridiculous.
Proctor needed more innings
what antics?
Hm yes I'm sure Christians and Jews will pay the Jizya and *feel themselves subdued* with lively debate....
Clearly he's practicing the patriot way
No man drake a sellout for making music with up and coming rappers
300ZX with a bodykit.
Could have been San Francisco...
Yes, let's keep measuring the freezing point of water at 32 degrees and the boiling point at 212 degrees.
And seeing the way people take care of their cars, we're gonna need a lot more regulation before flying cars become a thing.
Sounds like any ol' Metalcore vocalist
It does if you are a filthy Christmas hating cuck
You're racist because you're a white male, that's what!
i like glasses more cause the idea of sticking something in my eyes terrify me
Much better idea than shipping in a pine tree.
My passion for people using the right words is rooted in my secret desire to eradicate the gays.
See liberals climate change isn't real
But bro look at how pretty the client is!
I like the one where Mariah Carey is badly greenscreened into a LARP battle for no particular reason
Agreed.
Vora
I'm shocked...
they only did good because they got carried by s1mple...
Short answer; no If anything, official mod support is more prevalent than its ever been
Awesome, cause PS4 has never had games with performance issues.
Should be pretty when it's done
They're run by an ex-KGB sociopath who likes to assassinate journalists and his political rivals and testing how many European countries he can invade before NATO gives a fuck.
Donnie Dickcheese doesn't need to know any history!
relax none of us can be racist for like a month, we all have a black president.
Clearly you don't know how warm gold and silver can make you feel, you peasant
But, but, Bernie said he be good with not focusing on identity politics.
Typical Columbus...
I hope not, it's bad enough looking at Trump's terrible haircut, don't need his being pushed into my field of vision.
That's my point, it's clearly
Yeah let's just get over the fact that the president is a complete fucking manchild
It shows that you care
I find that surprising given that students are usually the most vocal group about anything even remotely political
True true
Gettin' ready for the spoilers
Wrong phone
But, it's all about "economic anxiety."
You're pretty fucking biased ain't you ?
In a shot glass!
Vince5970 uses *lose all respect*
sorry but imgur seems to have crashed
HEY, THATS NSFW
DEVIL to EnVyUs
RUN!
Reaper totally fits the stereotype of Hispanic dual pistol shotgun wielding death mask teleporting ex blackwatch agent with no distinguishable accent
Mike Conley
Your condescending attitude is surely going to convince him you're right.
Yep, racism got solved years ago people, open your eyes!
I'm sure that kid won't be abused as a child at all.
Damn racist Half-Jaw, only glassing Africa
They do the same in the UK all the time.
You're in the best place possible if you want to smoke crack.
No, obviously you're a total winner.
Did someone call me ?
That shootout scene with 2pac/James Brown song is fire
Yeah because BLM is LITERALLY inverted KKK
REE 1V1 ME ANY DAy BruH u GOING dOWN
I would trade one noctis against three zidanes... yip... I am sitting on five zidanes, but already finished two dual wields and genji gloves...
wait, he started that meme?
Yeah but since Luke is such a huge character it would only make sense for them to never release him so the tie interceptor will be first because first comes before never.
Nazi here, but its Losing,
No see that's what he's saying its racist against white people because a white guy is portrayed as a terrorist and white lives matter!
I recognize a Sanders fanatic when I see one.
Why else would anyone hate someone who admitted to molesting their preteen sister?
Yeah it's not like South Park has ever taken a clear cut side on a political issue.
People who write that much aren't ever wrong.
Obviously if they're bad, they should die.
Crap, I was looking at megabytes, but I thought it was inches.
Me vs Math is a 15 - 90 matchup
I'm not sure I'm good enough to get there honestly
When an article on foxnews seeks to reign in the vitriol, has the end finally come?
Then you'll miss out on all the benefits of using IPv6
The Star Wars prequels have the best story line ever though.
Is there any evidence that Trump didn't kill 2Pac?
What the hell is a football jet?
First the warriors, now the raiders...what is going on?
Didn't know Toronto picked him up.
You lost me at alliance.
Oil is Alberta Saskatchewan is Potash
Or like a lot of AnCaps - "Capitalism is the act of trading between two people"
Wow, I am shocked!
What figure is this?
Well, and they have such a great history of giving advance notice on events...
no man its a horrendous relationship you should get all the lawyers and erase her from existance man!
There is a mistake in the title, should be "INSANE" not epic!
I got an email from Beats saying they're coming in February.
About half a deck of magic the gathering cards.
But he self-funded his campaign, there's no way his Super PAC will interfere with his acts as president.
Try 2 ppl with vaal cyclone and a breach with "allies cannot die" within Thats sure fun as hell, my buddys game ripped because of this
he literally didnt move at all , what an incredible kill
IMDb called him Ashley idk if they ever called him by name
An arbiter kept in power by the local private security firms that you somehow can 'subscribe too' and who is totes not effectively a king, yo.
Because they're getting such a great education now, as per op
RemindMe
thats reddit circlejerking for you
Wow, this sub is full of mature and great people
Like sooooo yesterday
True, plus most of the time they are more busy talking/typing to you than actually trying to win the game
You should have quit your job to ensure there was no ice on your property, that is entirely your fault.
Your story makes me feel so safe.
Its annoying when you are in a team fight, MK ults, and suddenly you are no longer hitting enemy, just standing there because you cant make out whats happening and mouse clicks go haywire
Not to mention she's not calling herself a queen, but proclaiming ALL women are and should be treated as such.
UNSUBSTATIATED FAKE NEWS RAHSUGHSIDG
Nice slideshow
but atleast he has his male privileges
sporting event winners, stock markets, etc.... basically anything I can bet on.
Daddy taor!
Yes sir, the link just enforces that, and is a nice source in addition to proving that our 4th amendment is all but gone.
I didn't know parakeets are literal communists!
Nope, just some weed from Amsterdam.
I assumed that she meant she shows off a lot in pictures and goes out and doesn't hide away in her room - but in that case surely the man she meets from the dating site would know she was overweight if she doesn't hide it in her pictures.
like Jeffery Simmons?
Delete your life!
Yeah but some of those civilians are related to terrorists, so that's OK.
He needs to cut his damn hair, it's scientifically proven that his hair gets in the way.
Good point, we could pull the Universes from the characters.
Where is the cheesy dialogue?
Are you fucking dumb
What DLC is this?
At least we know how to spell, unlike you ex-danes.
But Minecraft taught me that they're interchangable!
Man with only indica they must be tired.
Great find!
Penoy pride gaiz!
I followed the whole census debacle from the start and if I had driven by and seen the opera house green I guarantee I would have no bloody idea what it was meant to symbolise.
No!
So the April Fools from a couple years ago was proof of concept?
I'm sure letting an out of touch population packed in little echo chambers run the county, completely oblivious to the fact that the people they are shutting out of any sort of effective representation supply all the necessary goods to those cities, would work out great!
yeah fuck canadian artists am i right...
Heck yeah, all thanks to the success of No Man's Sky.
I'm sorry but your experiences have to be the same as mine otherwise yours are wrong.
"Linux has no games and is bad for gaming" Oh how much this gets on my nerves.
You can't complete the process online, but you can reserve a phone during pre-orders and then enroll in the upgrade program when you go to pickup the phone.
Madden!
Yes, if they're backed by Russia.
It takes them a real long time to put them in.
only the filthy poor people will be on fire
NSFL
Something something entitled millennials
You have a pyro flair, you're not my son
Better act quick, as any KDM vet knows, the game is pretty much unplayable without the *Nightmare Breast Pump*.
Uhuh likely story... something fishy is going on here
He obviously used the loot tier potion from the amazing value tomb of the ancients extra pack
More heads than Schumacher ever brought.
Yes punish them with you stink, good idea.
Impossible
But I need an assault rifle to protect my family from home invasions!
ye dude we don't even have the technology to play it
r/bee_irl
I am just spreading the message that sprinkles taste awful.
Nah mate a former imperialist empire that took over and colonized half the world while propping up the majority of the royal families and dictators in the GCC and Middle East for their own gain could never be racist
GET IT FROM G2A CLUELESS
Filthy console peasant, that's what he gets for playing on Xbox!
I noteyou may have intended sarcasm as such preferably in the future tag
If only there was a community we could join to standardise charging plugs
But the Tories would never do that, that's labours job!
See you almost got it Mike perry isn't ranked either so he didn't beat a number one guy, there for following that last example he's right where he should be for beating up unranked opponents.
No you're not, you don't have LEDs
I find your faith in the trustworthiness of giant corporations disturbing.
oops it looks like we are against F35 again
Idk man I see what you're going for but i think you're biting someone else's flow
*YOU'RE* AN INANIMATE FUCKING OBJECT
You forgot the
Please don't be literally shaking, we don't do that here.
The Wolf Among Us maybe?
Looks more like a bulldog-shih tzu mix.
half life 3 being uploaded for pre-orders as we speak
That would be great, thank you!
nah it was 6.8 but they rounded up
Damn robo-sexuals...
FDR hid that he used a wheelchair.
So presidential.
Republican is American- any thing else is not.
Hey man my best friend used to play wow religiously and he passed away earlier this year, not sure if I could help out at all or if it's the same guy but I'm pretty sure he would've went by Veniial on there if it rings any bells.
Woah, calm down there sjw.
yo ok that kids eyes are legit demon eyes, did anyone else notice this?
White women should check their privilege and have sex with every black man they encounter.
S
A modded F20C oil pump will allow you rev out up to a ~10k redline, and prevent oil starvation problems.
I feel like I can smell it through the screen...
More funner* duh
Supra is likely going to be returning.
Empress Bakery
Yeah, and you also need to progressively lift heavier shit.
Yeah, Dyn's security engineers are definitely shitty.
You forgot this:
fnatic loulex incoming
Hellriegel op wtf DICE pls nerf
It was a joke, thought people would actually get it.. Guess I should have put
&lt;10k and I am happy.
Do you not realize my comment was sarcasm?
Remember: It's only racist if a ***Republican*** talks about improving the lives of minorities, after all, we know they don't ***really*** care like Democrats do.
So glad there are thoughtful, caring people suck as yourself
not a square
Yeah one of the most successful characters in history with a multi billion dollar franchise only appeals to neckbeards.
When Todd Howard himself comes out and says that the voiced PC did not work very well, it's safe to say it was a bad idea and wont be in any more BGS games
DID FRED JUST D A B
Thumbs up to manong!
Thanks for the repost, forgot to save it last time.
What about the kid who wasn't breathing for 40 minutes np?
The only purchases that you can't buy with NX Credit that I'm aware of is Marvel Machine, directly buying Philosopher's Books, and gifting.
This makes me smile :)
I make pizza with the wraps as the crust.
The only choice
The red headed step brother ...
Well I'm a black jew born into a family with $150K income and have never seen discrimination so clearly all those inner city black people are just choosing to experience racism
Yeah man 3 rebounds away
Atlanta Hawks did it first 0/10
Of course, they are all soulless assholes
Are you a doctor?
Every time you post this it gets funnier.
*Fil-fthy* I dont know, looks good to me.
You could sleep with that guy from reddit in December...
I can't say for sure but I would imagine someone has made one in the last 30 years.
You forgot the
Weird, would be so clear to me if I was her: show of that rack!
Dude that's such a boss story.
Haha I was just telling my wife I was excited for all the Christmas noobs as I call em!
Got a link?
Extremely technically speaking, due to when Jesus gave Peter the powers of binding and loosing, the Pope should theoretically be capable of changing doctrine, which makes being a heretic impossible, barring declaring that there is no God or something like that, which is also the only way I could see him losing his office.
How about just reduce her base AD by 5.
Colorizebot
solved
He said don't ask
So is this an amazing sky diver or just a lucky one?
Move over, we have a kid eating chicken now.
This isn't about me.
I feel like most of the fucking electorate needs to understand this concept.
Plz give me one ;(
Corns great too, but that's just my opinion
With the Chinese around i wouldnt settle for anything less that 100 million for Milner
I'm glad I gave you reason to use one of your favourites
Oh yeah, you clearly don't care.
This less LA and more Orange County way of thinking.
Wow unacceptable time to break up
He's so past his prime.
This works extremely well with Anub'arak with having 2 4/4 bodies
Didn't know Haruki Murakami was that old.
I prefer fatalis loki
That was so crap, have my pity upvote.
While we're at it, let's remove Skye and throw Drogoz into Flank because they're useless champs with dumb mechanics (especially Drogoz).
nyk
I'm going to believe anything I want because nothing in this world matters?
:)
Not like those bolsheviks, removing the Tsar and creating the most powerful union of states the world ever saw in 20 years, they also didn't defeat the Nazis or anything.
Yeah...that would work well in the USA.
But Sri Modiji will end bm corruption and make India great again!
Most communist supporters would claim it wasn't built by capitalism.
I wasn't but guess I should've added
Armstead or Buckner
Your welcome
Oh no, what a horrible horrible thing...
Some say he's still hopping, somewhere on the ocean.
Unless you plan to play counter strike, where half the maps barely function with AMD.
This must be your first LSU game.
nothing like a good christmas eve bumfight to get you in the holiday spirit
How many are you holding?
Try turning on anisotropic filtering
Maybe if we just ignore the massive, multi thousand nuke armada that can destroy the entire earth 5 times over, it'll go away!
Glad I never did get that foil Wurmcoil Engine
I'm sure you'll be so alone in that opinion on this sub
But why waste money and 3 months to put inferno in the reserve pool?
Nah dude, definitely make believe quidditch.
It's not disgusting if it's sterile.
Yeah, post your birth certificate or we won't believe you.
One day, racist white men in America will catch a break.
I forgot, only objective walls are destrucatable
All good man you'll get to my level soon
CampField is mad he got turned on by CRIMBOT
Isn't Canadian Christmas on a different date?
You think this would be a good first rebuild-able for someone that likes those higher ohms?
You forgot the
Paul Ryan, the man of principle.
That makes this completely acceptable then!
Who says you can't buy elections?
Nice job, you learned how to use stylish.
Until Tuesday comes and everyone's late packages show up with an extra day of DPS.
He forgot the add
Let's be real who doesn't want to kill Soraka
Isn't asking salary of the groom similar to asking the bride "khana bana leti ho beta?"
What'd you think?
Meat *infusion* then, you hipster pedant...
Look guys we can end world hunger it's so easy
Yes, the mighty Mormon Tabernacle Choir, the envy of vocal professionals everywhere!
are you fr or is this an
I think taking away his x-box and giving him a macbook air would work better than a playstation
Many people on death row who have quite a while to wait before execution don't seem to think so.
Because it's you
Oh well when you put it that way.. maybe I'm less jealous and more lazy.
But not a non-white piece of shit
This belongs in the stickied megathread, not as it's own post
Can't believe you found a pic of one-footed tackling Rojo
Vegg nog.
Unfortunaly, it's not possible to do so on MEGA's website atm.
What are u talking about, ADCs are weak
this ones from topman, its mostly sold out though :(
Well we finally got the same thing as JP, what's there to complain about?
Heey there, where's Felicity.
But they'd do the eye thing scene, to keep it true to the games.
What mods?
Subtle.
MEEEEERRY CHRISTMAS!
Copics?
I'm a first generation American and my only immediate family member living stateside won't accept my sexuality as anything more than just a phase, and I don't want to see her right now.
would bang in a new York second.
Is that Olaf from frozen?
Working the long day shift in hospital :( home for 9pm though, silver linings and whatnot
So I ran to the kitchen and got some easy to grab stuff before passing out, but I could literally feel that I was about to faint when I got back to my room.
[[Bazaar of Baghdad]] in that format...dear lord.
They should hit every second like regular skeletons instead of 1.2.
Majuub
Come now guy ... don't interrupt this ... they were busy patting themselves on the back and you just come in here with your negativity ... that's just impolite man !
No, if you don't go hiking, fishing, snowboarding, biking, and/or Pokemon Going EVERY SINGLE DAY(including holidays) then your life is depressing.
Pfft what a Chad brother
It's the alt-Firelink Music, once you give her the eyes of the Firekeeper
I'm glad Newt and the Donald know it's important to have a strategy....
then why did they incorporate nearly everything he wanted into their 2016 platform?
I bet you wear a cowboy duster.
God was trying to smite you for your pagan ways
I actually think this is a defense mechanism because of grief most likely.
Protip: instantly select Loki the "assassin" and lock that character in.
Ok sorry I was completely wrong just ignore me and the hundreds of others who have been banned due to this
Memphis BBQ is also one of the (many) foods that contributed to Elvis' death.
These rocks are not for shale!
*[Looks indifferently at the roster spot Stauskas is currently taking up]*
Fuckin Trudeau, ruining Canadian culture
That's how my program was, we started with 35 the first semester and are down to 14 with one more expectant due to a medical issue.
I'm Muslim, which is why I need to stomp crusades in the first place.
Did we sacrifice George Michael to 2016 in exchange for Carrie Fisher's life?
They told ya not to buy it...
When you cancel the wind-up animation you lose the dmg but you dont if you start another command when the wind-down begins both times you are actually canceling some part of the animation so...
You know only the finest pure metal ores goes into each and every nutcracker in China.
Oh yeah i remember i think it actually was g2 who won the round cause the opponents peeked when they had no time.
We'll have lots of practice for The Pack... Tonight...While Matthew reminds the Cowboys DBs who Texas really belongs to.
And here I thought I was coming out strong with my TOTW Olli Maata pull..
No, because you are fucking borderline illiterate
Screw you for having an opinion!
You dropped your
And they have one of the only left handed gaming mice on the market: The Deathadder left-handed edition.
This.
you forgot this:
Others cards he meant.
Joke?
Damn, The Texans need to sign this guy
Nah, passive aggressive apathy is the real answer here...
"And yet you still have a sexist, objectifying username sh@tlord!"
This card looks too strong in fatigue
Figure I'd give it a shot =p thanks for responding and GLWS!
Aiight thats it im calling authorities.
of course a wisconsin native would bring cheese into this
Sorry, but real pros don't need to know the company that makes their GPU to do real work.
Bible burning, Earthquakes, such and such.
I bought a 460 and sold my 1060 too just for freesync.
Think of the opportunities!
Take that back you filthy inbred
Speaking of [[Friendly Bartender]], I love that card so much that I kept all 17 copies I got, and I'll never dust them!
It's a hammer reference.
Because what the world needs is another backwards arsed, fucked up arab country were you get executed for being gay.
Good it's 2016, you shouldn't be assuming genders
There are 3 of these up right now, Please don't make us unsub from a wave of daily terrible rehashed posts.
Titan XP
you forgot to put
How dare a community hold one of their own that almost made it in high esteem, so ridiculous.
Well yeah, doesn't everyone know you can't be racist to white people
I was expecting a porn parody, shame.
I think it is supposed to be 99.99%, not 99,99%
N also they don't touch your Paul Smallwood
So you'd rather my dirty fucking feet on your floor than my shoes I wiped on the mat outside?
Obviously that means they can't do anything about anything else in this game.
But she was so against it didn't you know
I'll keep my eye on lake Erie
iCarly for Nintendo Switch confirmed guys!
Do you want to get banned, cause this is how you get banned.
Why you gotta click on it?
I really think this guy is losing in at this game of losing.
So does this mean that we can call for Caps head, then?
Non-Americans always assume the melting pot of the world is made up of one kind of person.
Western sahara that's not what we call it this days ,we use the term AL MAGHRIB AL KABIR.
You're sick you pedo.
Like wtf is "pen pal"?
BUT MIGHTY NUMBER 9 IS THE BESTEST GAME EVR
The Communist Manifesto?
I do defend the Crips though, from an Illegalist perspective, not a "they are the best example of anti-state resistance" perspective.
Any revolution that hurt the USSR or Putin was a capitalist nazi zionist plot!
yea, FDR really fucked this country up
i was under the impression that no-one other than me played Kairosoft games...
Yeah but America is the best country in the world!
"they", woah you insensitive pos
oh shit, it doesnt.
No, it doesn't work, this is staged
So can I. But because I'm a Fe-dom, I'm totally a sheeple
Photoshop
She gave birth to the spawn of satan, whats the problem?
Aaand they're down..
Implying other non-white people think it isn't retarded
it only happens if we vote democrat
Can't wait to see some HD Totally Platonic Cuddling.
what season 9?
So do we need to spread the word?
I think you dropped this:
Well of course, after all, it was their fault, not hers
Because that's what rainforest they destroyed to make all those books?
r/mildlywagegap?
She will actually be more attracted to him now though because he is being an asshole.
Is this the real money cat or are you trying to bamboozle me?
Doesn't mean he can't play at top level for 2 seasons
After all he is the first Muslim president
for real 50% of the country is nazi
Hookah usually refers to the device you smoke from while shisha is the tobacco you put into the Hookah.
Just like all non majority groups throughout history, we wouldn't be racist if other races were as good as ours.
I mean I would rather have termites or other pests almost anywhere else than my house
I don't get the point, if there is supposed to be one.
It's the rate per person right?
You guys need trump
nice kulturel bevilling, bro
But what if my son wants to eat liver after he saw a person eating liver?
Got a job?
But they all get along really well and love peace and good will.
but haven't you heard about buzzfeed's *terrific* investigative journalism?
But it is know there is no single dads out there.
Uh... fucking reporting that their were elevated lead in the children and the government just put their fingers in their ears going "ALLALALALA" Are you that daft, or trolling on purpose?
lel typical asian boys, always scamming white people
Because He no 20.
Stop cyberbullying him!
Isn't FPTP a great system?
I hope so!
Then you lied in this image you fucking piece of Demoman Main
Canadian sports network
I probably should have added
risky click of the day
"Oh-ho-ho, the lord works in mysterious ways!"
The whole world is her child's playground, duh!
Intake?
Wait... people actually shoot their gun in this sub?
Shame she's a Habs fan
Wonder if Schmidhuber referenced all the papers in the last two years that proposed this
She went out after coming back to the top.
You dropped this
Yep, the team with the best RB in the game and the best WR in the game is bad.
This is like saying Laine is better than Matthews...
no one.
and then for the rest of your life you can preface all of your balance suggestions with "As a GM player, ..."
Fiora + LB = Riven
Forgot the
When the Lord wants ya, he wants ya.
Red Lobster has bigger wine glasses with 6oz and 9oz marks on the side
Why would I want wards when I can double kill bot lane as support Lux
yep, everyone knows no judging is ever crooked
This is NOT about Trump...
And now for the Kiwi Masada - all the Jews in NZ have to gather at a nice mountain and commit suicide for " victory over the oppressors".
Strong campaign game, too.
#NeverForgetti
Cause she's not from here, and therefore probably a terrorist.
Ok i see other people agreeing with u. I understand now
Guess I should have added a
MacKeeper
Nice face censorship of the friend, I'd have no clue what she really looks like
I am le hilarious XD.
of course not, OP used his office computer
make sense the bullies need a new area to hit after a while.
Or a Titan x
But in a few weeks it will be the memelusion *tips fedora*
So should I file an FBI report or something?
KAJ is more knowledgeable about race than all of us, he grew up in the 50s/60s.
Shhhh she was a conservative so she wasn't human
Nice free infusion
I didn't know they taught you fella's how to read!
If I had a dime for everytime I'd been knocked down and didn't get back up I'd have....ZERO DIMES
HA HA HA CHILD ABUSE IS SO FUNNEY XD XD!
But but "FAKE NEWS"
Nah I'm sure she was telling the truth
your pronouns confuse me
5 on 3, our specialty!
Great pass Beauch
Really long way of saying saying
As a Christian who believes in Adam and Eve, this is all very straightforward.
Put right stuff on it and just screw it all the way in, im sure it will be fine
Just see r/oecake
Dwarden said there is a vote kick so no admins needed
Obesity is so sexy
Sakazuki is pretty dope.
I love how he thinks that a high iq means that he isn't a sheep, it just means he's a smart sheep
Don't forget Sengoku and EU: Rome!
LOL, who cares, he was at Naga making sure calamity response was topnotch
Users connecting through VPNs create no additional load on the server than Users connecting directly Stop perpetuating a lie.
The Last of Us?
Then I guess all those chemical weapons in WW1 were useless because the gas was deployed in an open space.
Don't read the bit about Arrival, as someone who hasn't seen it yet it's got a very big spoiler.
Especially when it's not the Chinese public's fault.
Mini fridge with beer and food
Good for you!
That kind of smug know it all liberal superiority is why we elected Trump.
Supergirl is finally a good show
land of the free
It's *certainly* not the case that 9 out of the 10 most unemployed states are deeply red.
Lol
Those lips when smiling have this super flirty mischievous look that I fucking adore
bunch of plugs playing who cant skate well
Spray on building sprays.
I dont want to pay more than that because every player above that price is going to receive a massive price drop, and yes I know its going to be difficult to compete, especially considering its FIFA 17 and not FIFA 16.
Spoilers you monster
I didn't think it needed
All the crime
Great, less people to worry about abusing the system, right?
Spotify should default to the last song you played whenever you open it.
Sounds like a great job ;)
CBJ/PIT isn't a rivalry, jesus!
You can see just what a terrible impact the two young ladies are having on the quality of life of everyone else in the picture...
It needs a few more cellular shops.
A real turk would have $1 coins!
THE ISSUE IS THERE AREN'T ENOUGH TIN FOIL HATS FOR ALL MY FELLOW PARANOID COMPATRIOTS.
What the hell are you talking about?
roofie in the drink, its HILARIOUS they always laugh about it
He is just another butthurt lib...
Piratebay is your answer
Everything bad on the left is a right wing something man.
I think they're just getting Sennheiser.
Yup, there is nowhere in the us where its faster to get to the hospital in case of an emergency by driving as opposed to waiting for an ambulance and there is not one person in the world who has a car but not a phone
it is you pleb
But Israel isn't the one declaring war, New Zealand is.
I forgot the
So that's what that upcoming ape movie is about...
Only 2/27 tsk tsk
Walmart or it didn't happen
It's just youtube's video stabilization, as far I know every time a video is uploaded, at least when i did, this option comes up and people who don't really know youtube or uploading think it helps when really it makes it look wavy and distorted like in this video.
U wut m8 the manly picnic is the best route
My favorite one from my building is "3girls1couch"
Sembra il kebab di Samir con salsa picanto e scibolla
lmfao I'll settle with an occasional misunderstanding before I ruin a comment with
"Could" but won't
Thanks for clearing that up
What is so special about october 17th?
Tbh i just don't want SKT getting out, a FW/C9 win would be ideal
2016 working its way up the family tree, I see.
Truly a wonderful cover of one of the great speechs in history done with the complete support of the original writers and speaker.
Twin Peaks.
It is a Mizuno Aerolite Eight 50 bag.
Too bad that the rubbing heated up the motherboard giving you bootloops instead of a genie
The app is annoying tho
Well of course, big globe controls the governments
Spoiler alert: Gen 20 new Type revealed.
Something not right there dude, I just picked up witcher3 and I'm using high-ultra settings throughout on a 970.
SA is a developed country?
Henry VIII's been there, dude.
Can you stop spamming the subreddit with your low effort photshops?
i feel sorry for you, there goes your sleeper op pick that absolutely no one plays
Whoa, we got some Grima worshipers in this sub.
if you don't like it, leave!
In other news, water is wet.
linkclump, for opening many links to tabs
Don't worry they're fixing it by making new cards of everyone else with OVR 90+
Okay... and...
INB4 "B-b-b-but muh rape statistics"
We'll know when they find their spike expert!
There's an "e" Harmony joke in there somewhere...
Such a understanding and tolerant people
Wow how racist that they are in white face
Now you just "need" a 4K monitor.
Ah yes 12 seconds on W, 16 seconds on E and 20 seconds on passive is basically URF
Isn't that, in a sense, stealing?
That's because everybody's saving that cap space for a top flight defenseman in Andrew MacDonald once he hits the waiver wire.
Wow what a douche the ice wizard is level 2 that's overleveled kys
Obviously... no one has ever once been stopped in the US for wearing a Turban...
I thought they were russians...
Is this where they're building those FEMA camps I've heard so much about?
yeah..I wouldn't know anything about that......
He doesn't buy new, because new cars are never a good deal.
Fuck you then, you're in the 1% you can afford it
Hush, they aren't smart enough to notice that!
Oh, but we don't need unions anymore guys!
I TOLD YOU GUYS FREDDY FAZBEARS PIZZA IS REAL
shit, I'd Join Twitter For that.
A shark tooth necklace is kind of cool.
Reddit finally posting news before the news again!
That's Geert Wilder from the Netherlands, not Germany.
Thanks, Yoda.
The solution is to convince yourself that you're fat no matter how skinny you get.
Way to suck all the fuck out of a room
But this is NA so it's completely necessary to repeat it a bunch
This release was a terrible mistake.
yes, seems like the trend so far for different pets is kubrow egg + dna modifier
Ya just uproot your whole life it's so simple!
But you'd be adding 15lbs to the car which is unacceptable!
To keep the "Armada hasn't lost to anyone outside of Top 6" statement true he gets 6th
Weird it was hard to play in a losing culture
That's R-Truth you racist!
Ones that are smarter than you I guess.
The better thing to do is to get lich bane, and then buy archangels and manamune
Ya, _obviously_, I'm only 34 and have been playing all 4 versions of the game on and off for 17 years.
Yeah, because they're releasing this from the goodness of their little hearts, right?
Junk, as always :p
Not Hackney Road looking North?
Wow, that's so snail-trans-phobic.
When I play Mario party I usually think of death.
You forget, she was "clearly feminist" so it's got to be entrapment.
Nice localized Jojoke bro.
Is America considered a celebrity now?
Here comes that lethal, Joe Sacco approved, power play!
Bored of trolling fans, Moffat starts giving the cast different scripts.
Yeah all the male actors who have sexually assaulted someone are blacklisted forever
If you were a real hockey fan you'd know that it is spelled in one word : "faceoff".
This is what I mean.
Well, yeah, you're a vegetarian, not a *vegan* or something.
On Bitfinex?
Nah fam he did it for the post humous medal
"Switch" SD cards... The Nintendo SD Switch coming soon!
Nah dude protoss just a move
1.6 Lacs
No no no you got it all wrong, it's not bad if it's for democracy and freedom
Maybe they're just not eating enough *acai* berries
I like to imagine this is how Ruby and Sapphire communicate inside of Garnets head
Well that just classes it right up...
Please keep watching people, it will seriously make it a lot better, no
Holy shit I thought it was a different guy.
Thanks for the reply!
Please provide an example of this, because I do want to hear your side of the argument.
While our world morphs into one big panopticon...
Yeah, that's a badass strut if I've ever seen one.
Dolt
not sure if
If all you are able to do is stick your fingers in your ears, at least BE PROUD of what you can do!
Needles and Pins Cherry Waves vs Sextape
Sorry haven't been round there yet, but but I'm still exploring the city so maybe soon.
If you don't know the boy who lived archenemy is don't think you deserve to see her
Well I mean they're technically correct, the Russian Federation is different than the USSR.
Where is this from?
But they said it's totally not storing the recordings!
Church of Christ
Tren makes you do crazy shit bro
Not to go all SJW on you, but there are people with legitimate social disorders who are unable to comprehend sarcasm in speech, how do you think they'll feel reading plain text?
Yeah, I mean I wouldn't mind getting Lady Loki last minute, the problem is just that until then I'm stuck with Garbage Man and Wasp as my only fighters which if I understand other threads right makes getting Angela pretty difficult.
Aren't the controls changeable?
Just peel as much as you can, look to soak damage but don't give them free gold with a death
umm i just made a scale model of it and you didnt put it in the description
Sorry, I guess I have been to cucked up by Shillary's biased and bought up news.
Trump said he won't allow Russia to invade the Ukraine, so I wouldn't worry about it.
No, ILB is Inside Linebacker, while 5-tech is a DE playing in a specific position.
Such great banter
Ha.
b but the sjws sweeping the nation and making everyone *PC*
Mike Myers could have pulled off a convincing Mad Eye
Racist
Stay with the Ebonheart Pact... that's a good way to start.
Fuck him in the ass, trust me, it'll work out
There's vomit on my sweater already
Yeah, you go and teach them master Chad
You mean your mad that I mirror the furnace and play defense all game while throwing goblin barrels every 30 seconds?
I was gonna post this when I found this guy in Azsuna, but I felt it was really overdone and the joke isn't that funny anymore.
it is cited - it is implicit in context... (I think, 2016) and second tier posts to OP don't have the citation requirement of first tier posts to OP; if that is not good enough for you then add
The seller should have red, brown, or blue
Five extra cents for denial, keep up the good work
Not athletic enough to hang his skate
I guess that changes the meaning of the gesture completely.
They're both minorities so it's not racism at all, just both of them airing their pain about how the white man oppresses them.
Burn the witch
Or a group
Yeah, I'm sure it's not a sincere act of protest against something formerly wonderful being defiled
I think that's racist against the Chinese dude... Not cool.
And all the chords we had to strum were barre-ing.
Kek, don't you know 5650 is larger than 970, ofc it's better...
Catholic charities is an adoption agency
You forgot the
Missed the
No one grows up wanting to be a Gary Neville
Gotta make room in prison for those awful drug users.
Thank god there was one brave soul willing to stand up to this blatant animal cruelty.
A typical genji main should be able to sign and take a pizza in a speed of light without it affecting their kda mate
Becuase our governments know best of course
Your kosher pickle no doubt... I'm on to you.
But.....but....millenials are lazy kids who rely on credit cards and family to get what they want, they don't WORK!
yo lemme get an 8 ball off that
Because I'm sure the person who did this is actually named David Smith
"water is wet, the sky is blue, and bears do indeed shit in the woods" - man who has degree in stating the fucking obvious.
Nope, record is all that matters, Sun belt is clearly the best!
All ~~hail~~ worship the Sultan!
I heard it's by 12 month period from sign up!
Well duh, everyone knows having a single mom makes you a shitty person by default
Damn, Duke is trippin today.
This belongs in a Family Guy episode with Bryan getting fired for losing it at a customer at some arbitrary job he picks up purely for this device, along with Peter, Joe...and Cleveland to make sure I'm not coming across as racist
Yea, giving poor people more money would absolutely have no effect on their purchasing power
Reported cuz you didn't get the penta
Love seeing my state on reddit for all the right reasons
Because don't forget that race mixing is wrong
...but, but, AKs are only good up to 300 m and can only hit something as big as a barn at that distance!
Goran is immune to stun and freeze too.
Yes... Let's make another WiiU marketing mistake!
Oh dear what a fucking shame.
you forgot you
It has begun, Vince is raiding all the Smackdown talent to make up for the ratings loss!
Stop being a conspiracy theorist!
I think weekly weekend bombshells would be fun, I love popcorn drama.
Yeah, it's *definitely* a pulse rifle with 27 RoF and 59 impact
Moving the cursor to that little x is a significant amount of xp that is lost and will impact me through RSI
not just you.
LOL ur gay
Yeah because the people who lost have been so quiet about it
Well, he if ever needs to get out of a contract again, he could just smoke some more weed.
I'm tolerant you fucking shit Lord go kill you are self
How do I enter?
Thanks Corsair!
I'm more amazed that Baird personally runs the HR department and wrote the job ad himself.
You're right, an extension for Butler here we come!
LITERALLY the worst person ever.
I didn't know he used to be left handed
They summon them from the depths of Hell.
There are no feminists in foxholes.
Now login as a reddit engineer and edit some posts....
r/nocontext/
Hey im having the same problem now, did that work for you?
Yeah, he should be allowed to cut people off without them coming up alongside him!
Sarcasm: Does Bill Clinton have an alibi?
DONT STAHP BEEELEEEVIINNN.
*i see dead people's comments*
except that i'm not a spammer you're harassing me, smearing me, falsely accusing me, and i will do my best to make you pay what gives you the right to lie and attack people?
Loving your posts here.
I assume they're all just pretending and just as empty inside
Huh very interesting definitely gonna have to check it out
Guarantee the cop won't lose his job over this.
At 2,5yrs old, after transferring from the crib to his own bed.
"Everyone in the video" was not fired or resigned.
I'd fuck Drake right now if he were here.
A president doesn't call a 13 year old girl a loser on the internet because she made a joke about him in a comedy routine on a TV talent show.
Dude no upvotes.. I'm surprised
They're not the bad kind
Maybe they should put on yellow patches?
Yeah, it's not like the census tries to count them.
Maybe drop the Paradox Fusions for another Gold Sarc and Terraforming?
Hmm I've never heard of a lamb burger before.
I'm not gonna let you win.
MOOSLEMS DON'T COUNT AS PEOPLE
Wow..these facts are racist.
but but MRCs are worst providing family insurance, company transport and bonus and car loans and what not
Yes, show me the font you use and I'll tell you about your personality, because aesthetics shows you what you are as a person
Great great actor, I'm just not much into football
i am disappointed this is so far down.
OH SNAP
What the fuck does that have to do with libertarianism?
EVIL OPPRESSORS BEING OPPRESSIVE AGAIN
But I thought that Hamas are just moderate freedom fighters
The evil blood drinking jews used their jewish powers to influence Abbas.
xD
Omg 2 dempsey's :O
Slut.
Nah, he's cool, but I think he's more INFJish
Because telling a teenager "no" will make them listen to their parents
Ian Gower probably knows a bit about the rsc code...I'm sure osrs wouldn't mind losing the engine team for a while, they don't need it!
IMOSCAR.COM
You are never safe from the master race
Because $50 is ***much*** more expensive than a house, or a car.
All you need to do is look at the GWB/Obama before and after photos to know that the presidency will literally kill Hillary.
You realize that almost everything involves standing in place, moving out a bit, and moving your hands around, right?
here you dropped this
Are you a 1099 or w-2?
If I want 90 seconds I usually hit 88 because it's easier to press the same number twice.
You too.
Lesbians are not "secky" ladies, obviously, what with their butch haircuts and lack of makeup.
Tennessee in particular, would've fit the narrative almost *too* well.
I'm asking for the current, or even previous narrative which would defend steven against his conviction.
Wasn't it called conversion or something?
Yeah she's fucking ugly, isn't she?
Her eyebrows are fucking enormous.
Nvm this, let's all boo him to death every time we see him.
How did you come up with that name?
My blood is boiling.
Last I heard, he's actually suiting up for tonight's final preseason game.
Working on mobile versions for other classes currently :) I'll try!
cuz pistol rounds are bad for your health.
Maybe that's why they're so silent about it.
I take it you're implying they are the same thing, because in the USA they're the same thing.
The ending wasn't about religion being evil ffs...
Hurritage not hate.
That's some deep stuff you got there.
Fuck off were full
This guy's voice gets me triggered.
yep just like pc gaming
The vast majority of Muslim women in Britain don't wear burkas in the first place, so why would it restrict their freedom?
Still a better launch than Master Chief Collection
so shady...
Dana has the best Twitter account.
Hopefully
But it was doing something I enjoy, therefore it doesn't count as me working...
Hey now wait a minute that only applies to stuff I agree with!
You forgot this
I was wondering what was going on with my banger, thanks this explains it.
shhh
I think he was saying that LeBron is in the GOAT conversation, like Kobe was.
So its the agent putting the hits on other qbs?
Damn you mean well lose 100 of the 450 channels that I flip past all the time?
Because this place is 98% liberal, nobody upvotes fiscal conservatism.
But but but but.... Pedophiles will ride trains so they can look in my backyard!
Easier to post on reddit
Only after the dissolution of the HRE (and even then post-Metternich), which is barely in the game.
But don't worry, Todd Gurley definitely wouldn't have been a better pick.
I've been doing that ever since I had to be lead tech on a piece of shit system.
New OP infinite combo?
Stop Donald I can only get so erect!
:)
And Hillary is proof that an angel is watching over us
I don't know how they'll fit all of Meesh's campaigning into this episode.
yep you are wrong, EE is joining, not miracle \^^
He wasn't a villain, he was a victim.
Please do
We had RNG in all three lol
Probably the best person for the job too.
Oh perfect because those are synonymous
What's a fee-fee?
Um, because he's America's favorite?
I now believed that hair is essential to absorb the harmful effects of direct sunlight's UV rays whilst not killing the useful neurons in your brain.
Damn, I had no idea, that sign has helped me a lot!
Dunno why he gets so much hate besides from god... But I mean, satan probably was trying spruce up heaven a bit and got evicted for all we know.
Pfft It's labeled as lightweight duh..
if you want it to be lol, just didn't know what to say
It's a tough choice but I vote spread
Yeah because hitting the guys coming that close would net you much less points than face camping
here, you dropped this
You can't be racist to white people
15 minutes in a dungeon each day is a disaster, I understand.
He gets worked up over simple plays because of his passion for football
My old FWB used to say "When I have your cock in my mouth...I dunno, just all my worries seem to melt away."
Yeah man, if she has any semblance of her sexuality being visible in her life, it's a no-go bro!
Yeah, we should tolerate throwing shit at people while they are operating a motorcycle, it should be legal!
No no, they aren't escorts, they're models!
Instant goosebumps
this is why you should only buy "green" drives
Hey its easy to blamed on all problems to the SJW!
But you lost your best player
Yeah, because Hades and Arachne are top tier, and Janus is bottom of the barrel.
Is that a new suicide weapon tactic for ISIS bombers?
BUT SATIRE DOESN'T HAVE A FREE PASS I CAN STILL CRINGE AT IT REEEEEEEE
I don't know what you're talking about, my NEMA 14-50 was only $8K!
tell me about
The spit clenses it, duuuh!
Sometimes i even wonder if i'm slightly retarded but my parents never told me or if i have no "excuse" for being bad at everything
Yeah, well I was outside living a life and shit, k?
Because drug users are horrible people to begin with.
You kidding?
But that's communism that will destroy the economy and make us slaves to the government!
That's Reddit being Reddit, everything gets downvoted or upvoted based on title within 10 seconds.
Neither was Halo 5
uh huh...
People thought Obama would come for their guns...he came for their soap instead...
Is it N?
What do you mean?
But there is SUNLIGHT and it BURNS
Chandra confirmed first trans planeswalker
They were only the majority population since the 12th century, gotta live there longer to count as indigenous!
The number is changing, it's a countdown or something.
Technically, looking like me makes me uncool
When I was looking for a place while in University I definitely saw every single unit that was listed in the paper before committing.
I would also love to know how to get traffic reports because clearly on bing website it shows this but on maps app it seems absent and sad
Really?
N
oh yeah dreddit is a great Corp for someone who wants to do missions in highsec
That's a pretty small new arena.
But it has dragons so it can't possibly be good.
Good info, and i'll keep all of this in mind :) thank you!
Ahmir Mitchell from Michigan to Rutgers
"Erm.. yeah you've lost your deposit"
Is no one gonna point out that 1 guy that's holding it upside down?
I literally agree
Was asked.
Doesnt help that Republican states refused to expand Medicare to help cover people who cant afford insurance.
CHIP
No Man's Sky
Jalapenis for men, Ghost peppoonani for women, Habanerotic for the general category.
I just want a pull with Minnie :(
It's almost like they know software engineers generally don't have social skills and suck at negotiating.
Okay, okay, okay, but does he stand for the national anthem?
Because men aren't slutty, they're studly, and that is as God demands!
You just need aghanims, refresher and enough mana to use 2x boat and refresher nothing biggy
Yeah, why would they want to test their game on thousands of PC setups for way less money than what they would have to pay quality testing companies who test with 20 PCs.
**Pennsylvania** Clinton 45 (+8) Trump 37 **North Carolina** Clinton 46 (+4) Trump 42
Fuck
Crude oil, smokey Irish whiskey and BBQ.
Go on...
You must have had some huge debates with all those people calling her extremely careless then.
It's a bus parade!
Damn Italians too!
Because Hillary will save the US and Trump has nothing to offer except appealing to idiots.
Jangan hina mufti
The best part about that, is that he is somehow still better than the entirety of our TE from last year combined.
Nako tsong, huli ka yata sa balita nang kalahating taon.
Thanks
Why would you want to give semen to babies to begin with?
Dinosuar hammer was already a thing (kinda).
my guess is, as is often the case, the contracts that give netflix access to some of fox's content contain provisions about poaching employees...
Isn't that guy Linux?
I have five or six Zekts in jp and I'm very sorry you have to suffer with me... but hey, misery loves company :')
I live in TX, so good to know!
I'M NOT JOINING YOUR CULT
See if the lyrics and tracklist is hidden!
Somehow still the lovable underdogs
Yep, all ten of us.
I thought we had another thread for shitposts like this
I'll post it to r/tattoos or r/Cloud9 or just pm you the end result if you want.
Wasn't trying to be mean, just sounds better when you happen to talk about it again c:
But how else am I supposed to get tips for the phone I already know how to use?
As a kid though you could play that same level 100 times and not get bored because slashing up orcs was so satisfying!
Come on Clay, just because they rape young boys and wipe their ass with their bare hand doesn't mean they are not a civilized as us...
A lot of very smart people have told me this.
Ugh, that's terrible.
Upward!
You might have to manually assign the IP addresses on both devices so they don't conflict
I have never once been somewhere watching the NFL and heard people yelling racist comments about the players nor have I read about players getting racist tweets after they beat a popular team.
now just shrink it, because that's pretty damn big.
will steal this everytime someone calls my clothes gay
About 15, almost 16 I believe
Same...
Hello /mu/
Chapter 21,22 and 23 conquest can be easily done with corrin+benny pair up.
You're welcome for Baylor.
Trump: "I only grab the pussy, I never claimed to know how it works"
What do they have to lose?
He actually had a gf
Yep a writer for ESPN is totally covering it up guys!
In Best Korea?
So, gas prices to fall?
Squeee
Because 4k players participating in a worldwide event is low.
Oh no, what a great loss to the community
Whatever the motivations for it now are, is not the result something all nations should have been doing all along?
I swear 9.3.2 is already supported?
I'd say the average person probably saves over $250/year by shopping at Walmart vs other more expensive stores.
you know what they say about opinions
Bullshit, that's the baby of a lizard person you can't fool me.
The Democratic party is so *crazy* for picking a Democratic senator, former presidential candidate, first lady, and Secretary of State over some random independent from Vermont who changed his party identification just to run for president.
Should have waited his turn like everyone else
Malazan kind of does this, although its not primarily set in a stone age setting.
*zips mouth shut and goes back to drinking morning coffee*
But you're white, so you MUST be a racist.
I limped home.. That was a great 25 minute limp back to my parents house...
Didn't they hear the drone of another plane behind them?
Yeah, it's totally the PS4's fault.
This is how we get Trump.
You ruined it now, they were planning a surprise and you ruined it all, they won't hold it this year anymore.
If he wasn't african he would have made the squad
Spent all their money on voice acting and licensed songs.
In comp you could say in VC "hey Bros I got this ult here" and then when they ignore you and ult alone you can play someone else.
If we don't get a lightning strike effect, there won't be a mono red burn deck to lose to this card.
Fear of the unknown
Just to get the point across....nope.
while I hope this isn't a bannable offense, I have a feeling it is.... really hope I'm wrong though because this is awesome!
What are you taking about?
What an overrated map.
No he's right, they polled 110% of the American population in that study.
But how did you take the first picture?
mid 87
Ah yes, those 1000+ independent polls this election season are all a coordinated effort to undermine the election.
Cheney is not to blame for Iraq either!
But none of the other parties have ever been in power, clearly they'd have no idea what they're doing and ruin the country.
Seems to be available for pickup, found over 10 locations thankfully.
I lived more than you on earth so i must know more than you.
No Goldenrod is in Johto
Jolly dickbutt
I'm sure, like me, you only like Zelda because it was introduced to you by a man (because it's easy to grasp and has romance)!
The kid called him a racist he must be!
Because he is the emperor of a known state that has existed for thousands of years, duh.
r/Rainbow6 check this game out if you like shotguns through drywall.
Helix Wingardium Leviosa!
He has a certain set of teaching skills.
Money well spent
Because killing is only ok if the person isn't white, obviously.
SHIMADA MADA
TIL household chores are chemically addictive
Of course, this is where the FBI got the whole idea to do it.
Trump will neither confirm nor deny these statements.
Ahhh yes, I forgot how accurate kicker projections are.
I can't remember the exact moment, but 90s cartoons were chock full of nut shots and I watched a lot of them.
BOOM BEACH MIXTAPE CONFIRMED
It's a pity that you cannot relocate in that slow a** Skorpion, right?
Yes how disgusting that another country likes America
the king crimson of overwatch
I have a Pen
Yeah that's way worse than actually mishandling sensitive classified information.
Obviously it's TPTB telling how how to defeat them (winning the big race) as a way of mocking the sheeple who will never do it.
Scholes did this as well!
Yeah, but it sure is making it harder for all those felons to register their short barrel rifles or make silencers.
#RACIST SEXIST HOMOPHOBES
Yes because 100% of the country is engaged in the political process
no but the game is broken and valve wont do anything because i am 13 years old and totally know how to fix a game with 3 000 000 lines of code hurr durr
Hear Hear!
Dance with the Devil by Immortal Technique, that song is so fucking sad
2legion4me
The Tagalog interjection actually means "your mother is a whore"... Every fluent Tagalog speaker would translate the interjection as "your mother is a whore".... "Son of a bitch" would be translated to Tagalog as "anak ng puta"
Guess so.
But ignoring it should make it go away, right?
I don't know, the patriarchy or something?
hOW DARE YOU RIP OFF *MY* POST
And screw those who only recently came back to the game!
I like their food but that's all they're good for.
That idea comes to us from everyone's favorite MRA in a dress, Julia Serano, and hearing it was the first time I wondered if mainstream feminism made any sense anymore.
#Weekend at Hillary's #Bernie was robbed of his memes.
When a child falls into the meme enclosure.
My parents love
:(
Seems that history repeats himself, since he can't stay awake now either
Woopse!
I think we have a winner of most cancerous champion.
Mature titles dont sell that great on Nintendo consoles, so they might not have the business incentive.
They should have called it the 6p+.
Yeah, it would be much less casualties if we sent troops into the area and did airstrikes.
Oh hey oxoxo
You forgot your
*years ago
too bad the minus can't hit players, aweful card
Not on Canadian Netflix :c
It's okay, just keep it wavy.
Then they need to choose something from the menu that fits their needs.
Stop appropriating Harambe's culture.
Don't worry brother, TSM has been giving the enemy top the counter pick for the whole playoffs so as to hide his true skill.
wow you played a game with him... thats so nuts dude.
They can pry Emacs from my cold dead pinkies.
money with no string attached.
Libs sacrificing that vital reddit MRA vote
Forgot the
The most pitiful gotcha I've seen today
Yes, I'm losing a shit ton of money buying grains, fruits, and vegetables.
Was it one of the guys from the preach my gospel vids?
Yeah, we needed way more of the Demon Lord.
We'll have to get there first!
Just 7.0
Hm, even if it's on the same airline?
Wait so if Clinton was elected there would be no way to voice your concerns?
Well, obviously by not vaccinating her child she is helping your child's immune system to fight those diseases, you libtard.
Hopefully that'll show you what you're supposed to think of Roman around here
Dont lie, Cabrakan cant Support
It's a numbers game
Showing his true colors.
I know like who would want to be in sharknado 2 and 3?
I'm hoping that the crucial witnesses that have come forward have tipped KZ off about how the blood was acquired for planting in the RAV4 which is why she's so adamant about testing the age of the blood.
And enough will cure polio!
I remembered I once heard someone say the sword on the cover was the broadsword... Gives me conniptions
No, I don't, actually.
Only in the state of California though.
Ah yes, the 'good old days'
sorry I wasn't obvious.
You forgot
Yeah do that in private like anybody else
Anyone else reading this in George Takei's voice?
Successfully staying in a long-distance relationship?
Fucking normies
ARMA 3
As a Target employee, this is why I never ask anyone if they need help.
No... Please don't
Bellona receiving buffs because she's underperforming.
**iPhone SE** 16gb: $399 64gb: $499 **iPhone 6s** 16gb: $499 64gb: $599 **iPhone 6s Plus** 16gb: $599 64gb: $699 **iPhone 7** 32gb: $649 128gb: $799 256gb: $949 **iPhone 7 Plus** 32gb: $749 128gb: $899 256gb: $1049
Ah, fuck you guys I love this song!
Guess I should have known to check reddit every day on off the chance they were posted here.
And Haryana's tax payers 50 lakh too gifted by the sports minister
Ya at least that Colts o-line looks solid.
r/theydidthemath
Im going to start painting twitter tags of people i dont like on street art to get them arrested!
Because some people have never had Krystal?
oh no you have pegasus!
It's not their fault if they don't understand what the temp ban is
But did he get his Avatar on the 'high score' screen?
I disagree
Maybe it is time to crowd fund bribing all concerned to rig the game so the skill of the players like wins the game.
I'm no Harley tech, but I imagine that the newer style ECU will also require an entirely new harness, and likely, several new components to match.
I get that all the time
The GREEN DEATH
Was reading their match-thread, it was hilarious.. At some point they were blaming the ref cuz he's from Catalonia...
Because his name is "Miguel"?
THEY PAY IN EUROS SO IT'S A SOCIALIST COUNTRY
yep, my father has been on it for the last 20 years.
Your opinion is wrong.
*We were
Pumping out kids while already having several and not having secure work ... great
It was a Florida fan.
Should've traded him for Sale.
India has no over population problem
Or you could just say
You still have feelings after your last seasons
big surprise
no talking to isis either, time to give them a state i guess.
Nobody drinks on those dunes!
Also saw em on the champs website!
Because Barcelona is official partner of Konami, duh
Really quickly
why is her butt on your phone in the first place
what about showing the wireframe of enemies that are in the same hex as you are whenever you plant a recon dart in the spawn room
Both sound like totally plausible use cases for a phone
Sorry
He should have kept smiling in his face and Zod sooner or later would have given up
Sure anything can be a story
Because life is only about video games and the world revolves around you.
Yeah, this definitely doesn't happen in London.
player moves crosshair towards the general direction of another player ... must be cheating guys literally no other explaination of it guys ban him valve
Oh please, that's just an urban legend.
Why don't you learn to drive and not cut him off next time?
Did this make the SmackDown ticker?
For the betterment of the guild
Mb use the staffs
Sounds like a plan to me
Exactly, they'd never the connection to Mike Pence.
Inb4 another couple thousand channels
Food seems to be a very big deal for chinese players, and i can understand it since it affects their performance in game so much when playing in another country
Iran has joined the SWIFT
Like national socialism and Hitler
No, I'm sure it's 8 inch pipes the entire way
I mostly play old standards and jazzy stuff, but once in a while I'll bust out Breaking The Law by Judas Priest.
10/10 can confirm I am Jason blundell
The internet is my safe space, I will not tolerate any of your microagressions
Like his 4% yearly economic growth plan stimulated by a massive tax cut on the wealthiest people in the country
LMAO COD KIDDIES AMIRITE XDXDXDXDXDXDXD
Misshien dateert de boete uit het guldentijdperk.
Tested it on iPhone 5S, it looks good :p
He's a cheater bro
As a german i complain about all the nazi memorials.
Freedom of the hills is quite a bit more than pocket sized, and is better used as a reference than to learn from
**C**linton?
Clearly I'm incapable of absorbing such complex concepts.
I don't like your tone, I'm going to bitch about it in another thread.
plot twist: it's berry good and aokiji
Kate Winslet how could you :(
I'd Trump has 1/12 of the money he says he has, time isn't an issue.
No.. No we don't...
You're 171 cm, you have no right to complain
I've been to 5 Weird Al concerts People often mistake me for Sam Rockwell from a distance I've accidentally ridden my mattress down the stairs Answer: [#2 is a lie!]
Yea but they sat outside his house with guns and totally dissuaded him from ever doing it again.
BUT WHAT IF HIS PENIS IS MAGIC
The only reason I really want to build a pc for: make receipts twirl
Shit, does this mean Eminem really killed Kim too?
That's MY emblem, and I send anybody who uses it hate mail.
8-8 confirmed
Timeless SIVA~Clast : This weapon fires automatically, deals significant bonus damage to Fallen
How can people rack up eliminations if they're on the objective?
the beard matters
im getting a sense of
You must be dying from Parkison's like her then
Stop getting fresh with Sara, you hussie.
Damnit Bernie
In my case I left Reddit open on my computer and I let someone use it.
I'd rather it pan out for a full view of my attacker, along with their name, home address, and yearly income.
Aaaaand we're all on a list
Riiiiight, cuz people can definitely control what scares them.... Especially when it's to the point where they have anxiety attacks about it
A majority of functional Americans already dislike her.. so thats a start.
You can always buy the $160 dollar wireless headphones tho
Just moans, really
No way, muslims are peaceful and tolerant people
He hired a woman so he could pay her less than a man
Right, because clearly that's the only thing you are buying...
Will these be 1.0 or 2.0 PK pattern?
NAH MATE, HE NEEDS ONE THREE DOUBLE **OH** SIX TRIPLE FIVEEEEE OH SIX.
Obviously lies, everyone knows vegans are all superhumans who make deadpool look like an obese chicken nugget with their acrobatics and make superman look like a toddler with their strength.
Wow, and here I thought there was no Vitos love... Need crystals now... That skin is cool as hell.
But those who disagree with them really do like them.
Well ever since all Putin critics have been shot or otherwise murdered, you dont hear much of them in the polls anymore.
That evil Nazi frog scheming on poor poor Hillary
they think it's funny even though most of them never get locked
I'm aware, actually- so is the guy who wrote this joke.
He saw the dark side in Riot and decided to stop working for the filthy dark sided company they are.
You mean the digitally alternated pre recorded "livestream"?
You have no idea the level of influence that man's yields in DC's halls of power.
It's just because people have become lazy and entitled.
Greatest Of All Time
Kissinger got it, it's not like Obama doesn't deserve it either
Probably Nickelodeon shills feeling out a remake
Commenting again to say the voice actress of Megara in Hercules.
Yeah but the problem here is not that someone wanted to kill themselves but that we had to witness it / hear about it
That's right, she better start with the dishes right away!
Who cares.
Man, good thing Walmart and their efficient Loss Prevention department caught you!
Hah, yeah, confirm some of our theories God dammit!
Use one AirPod at a time.
I love it here!
That is my experience as well.
That's lame.
But how am I supposed to get to know you without commenting on your cleavage?
Filthy Casual!
Look out Peter Alonso, there is another ex-Gator with home run pop that's coming for your job.
Working in IT is definitely an alternatively lifestyle, but I am not sure what that has to do with this article :P
iPPMR
Human eye can't see past 1080p anyway
I'll buy almost anything as long as it isn't made by Apple.
unless it's a tease with no actual staves
LAND OF HOPE AND GLOOOOOORYYYYYY
"Gee Mongolia, why ever would Eastern Europeans not want to be your friends?"
I also say pepper and salt.
You're gonna get some hop ons...
I put too much sugar in my coffee this morning :(
Girl, bye!
well yes the people of NK will suffer more... but most of SK will be reduced to a nuclear wasteland... we know all the missle tests are mostly bullshit, their missles won't make it to the US, but we also know that they can and will hit Seoul
lmfao delusion
At work with 100,000 RP saved up, so this is what I am waiting for.
I'm glad they spent valuable time debating how to change and then implementing that change on the skyhorn kite and brulfist idol rather than addressing key gameplay issues.
The Shining [because the main character dies in The Shining]
Would a C-Series kit give me every wire Ill need?
A net is the only thing that if you put a hole in it, it then has less holes than when it was new.
Nov 4 can't come quick enough
I dunno, looks to me like this is a clear example of a plane spraying 2 different kinds of chemicals to genetically modify our kids into mind controlled surveillance vessels of the NSA.
The gall to suggest that Henrik deserves a 'C'...
The tennis player?
Ah yeah dang, idk why I thought it was ending... Sigh if Terry Sloan returns and Michael Holt doesn't I'm going to be pissed, lol.
Wow this is ridiculously op for reasons I won't mention so that if it is implemented it could be used for an obscenely overpowered combination and will have some time before nerf.
The ability to detect sarcasm.
Another squad that knows what they're doing will have 2 snipers and 2 medics covering the tank, countering your squad.
Never
Attack animation, no?
yeah anyone can do that
they liiiieeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeed
Constitution is being upheld now perfectly, it is a living document and is capable of changing its minds to reflect the times.
Thats racist
Nice, now I can complain about prefetching and caching using all my memory and making my computer slower.
I thought the female body knew how to shut down a rape
Extremely obvious
But you've got crosshair in the middle, oh don't be silly...
Because some people think having a stand in is an excuse for getting 16-0d
It'll be fine, Kenny always comes back to life in the next episode.
The chupabugra.
But WHAT a catch it was
nope its Squirtle the Fennekin and Fennekin the Squirtle
As a software developer who has used xamarin to write an app (unpublished) for windows phone and android with a shared codebase, I am interested what they could possibly do to stop me from writing an app for windows.
Ahaha, the looks that were exchanged were hilarious after TopDog maybe let it slip that he laughs harder at these jokes than Tom's standup.
Sounds like you have a bad battery
It wasn't strapped to his feet, watch closely as he slides backwards in the end, he slips down through the harness and it tightens on his foot
FAKECEPTION?
Wow so disrespectful
Don't let your dreams be dreams
Mic phase detect auto focus and laser auto focus
With USL starting to control the production this year we should see a drastic improvement in some of the matches.
commas are your friend
underrated, but not unappreciated comment
I want Steve Smith back
It's almost like we need to bail them out...again...
Bit then real victims won't come forward
When did you first realize that you were actually a white male KKK member?
Humans aren't even supposed to have lactose
She has to hurry, time is running out.
Null is original dragon confirmed
Top of the forums is one place where they post notes about the game coming down or sales coming to an end soon.
Yeah who cares about giving the crew and actors a break and a life, amirite?
Oh yeah, topdeck card quality has always been Jund's main weakness
thanks for the insider knowledge!
nothin personell.... kid
Judging by the width of censored digits, I'd say first digit was not a '1'.
Clever to use skyrim and show they can still get big 3rd party games.
Forgetting AU is never a bad thing.
That he coincidentally authored.
But they do it for our own good
I think nothing will happen until Kim really does some shit that will justify bombing the hell out of NK.
Nah, rural Catholic church on the east coast
Every few years I have to go back and play the series from HL1 to Ep2 or I forget what's happened, and I don't want to be caught out in case they release HL3 tomorrow and I can't remember wtf Graham and Alissa were up to.
With the quality City have at their disposal, we can't guarantee a finish over them even with David Moyes in charge.
Draw it's when both team lose.
No but Thermight can burn horizontally...
Wow great shitpost
Bro it's just a prank calm down bro hey
thank you
If you can't provide proof of your claim that usually means it's not true.
Sure, I can see that, once per month is clearly the objectively correct number of times a person should be able to go out.
Hi I'm Elliot - *just* a tech
Making fun of national tragedies is only allowed in comedy clubs!
Confirmed t34 has postwar upgrades :D
Building on top of bugs, and half finished features always turns out well.
Def not real!
Yes, I want your organs **toasted in a stick**
I was literally tryin to not lol on so many levels for about a minute
but bro classic 3 lane is SO GUD just ALL THE TIME
Who actually uses optical drives to install windows these days?
We are in the red for 58.2 billion in 2015
Oh then it must be true...
I'm sure if they dealt with NK that the US wouldn't find a way to put THAAD in to surround China.
That's pretty freaky to look at
Because declaring money in hand is such an evil, murderous, family destroying law, right?
Hell no, I'm not getting this just for them to announce the PS5 at the next E3.
What's this one from?
The oldest, most accurate, and only infallible science book.....
You forgot the
South bend, indiana so not close but if i visit ill pick some stuff up
Then you should have seen it at ground zero...... how a local judge and jury was used in a neighboring courthouse is beyond me.
No, Trump is clearly KGB agent because he did an interview with Larry King who licenses his stuff to RT, Hulu, and PBS
Yeah it should be lingarie
I didn't think I needed a
Poor man's Blink Dagger
oh don't you just LOVE those people?
What does that equal, two slices of bacon?
they should give a million bonus to whoever apple employee who came up with this revolutionary idea
Uplay isn't that bad, you clearly haven't tried it since its initial release.
Patriarchy
We have to go deeper.
Now melee will finally be viable!
i just got bodied
Yes because if you are locked in a room with 10 people and one coughs, nobody will look at them
Indian roller too
\#ItJustWorks
But at least they're not Muslim!
Nah throw your arnies into each jump pad right as you go to the next island.
Because he wears his heart on his sleeve he's just having fun!
Who cares who the guys are!
Aye m8 I've got one lying about somewhere
thanks to u/ChevyNewport
What, did the unicorn join the Tory party?
Ah, translation conventions, how do they work?
What's the point if you can't buy the full robot and use it as a guard dog, or alternatively to attack chavs?
Misschien bedoelen ze monetaire waarde?
Millennials are clearly the cause of all of society's ills.
Planting the seed, eh?
I just watched The Vanishing Women on Investigation Discovery... Seems like a lovely place...
Thanks for the advice!
Acid rap was an amazing album im sure that had nothing to do with his rise to fame
Which channel was this on again?
If she assaulted you why didn't you just walk into a police station and filed charges?
She can't win for losing.
Yea we should nerf his ult damage cuz it's too strong
yellowtard detected!
i'll have it checked as soon as i can then, thanks :D
Just go to Valhalla and drink until it's ok.
Yes, good job figuring that out ... evolution.
I like how she is nodding at the beginning like she had been sitting on the idea for awhile and it just all came together.
And in that case, you wouldn't be seeking your soul at a mattress store.
Wow that doesn't sound like it would be unbiased or anything
How else is he going to learn the defensive game
Bizounette, get on it
same they should just made it a blank white page
too op pls nerf
Have a link to the airbnb listing?
Because us wealthy are all evil heartless bastards, thats the only way to succeed in life.
I just refer to it as the SGS2E4GT - that's not so bad.
That sounds like a comfortable and pleasant evening for all parties.
A movie about about how a random female child slave grew into a respected general in an entirely male army... you're right that sounds like shit.
Play the Washington D too
STEALING MY KARMA ASIAN!
That's racist!
This is when you grab the Medieval Schlieffen achievement (then have your game "mysteriously" crash).
No she's not.
oh kk scuffed streamer [](#4Head)
Whaaaat don't be silly, gays are just a myth.
My gardener was in Benhur?
Well in all fairness he did have a picture of the rock....
It's not like it's stickied on the front of the page ffs
Well don't you know that everyone who is anti-Israel or even not 100% pro-Israel is automatically a clear as day raging anti-Semite and a Holocaust denier.
But it's on a 4k TV that means it's 4k!
Something told me to look up when I saw his post, lol classic
Yeah works at university so why not at bjj
:0
You know like when the thing is there but not too enough to put into a way that people think right?
No, humans are clearly above using military power in order to gain control over natural resources
what if they bring in awful judges so that when cm punk wins by decision it doesent look like it was rigged
Thank you random Twitter folks, you've cured me!
And ex-opiate addicts
And yeezy's aren't at this point?
OP's account looks spammy af good lawd
That's like saying defend pc gaming without steam!
I imagine all of them will be an adventure if you're high enough
Isn't it obvious from the picture?
We've had over 40 OD's just yesterday night come through my work.
Gromp has my sympathy, but not my regret -Wraith probably
Um yes, it has the most powerful explosion in the game; lets make it easier to use.
He was practically begging for the gts there all he had to do was lift him and just bam right in the skull
I wasn't paying attention when i first found this and wasted a felwort on it -_-
Keerti anna is that you?
But we need it for #balance
What type of cat is that OP
Ottimo, dovrebbero vedersi bene in full HD.
Pare che i napoletani c'entrano sempre
Yeah, hate crimes and mass shootings are only committed by Muslim refugees.
Yes you Are the only one
You'd respawn in lumbridge or wherever your spawn point is.
Wow this guy is gonna be so OP with PEN grunil gloves.
Nah you clearly took enjoyment in killing innocent civilians as a child, and are now a danger to the general public as a psychotic adult...
"Come as you are" has always been a popular phrase..........
Yeah, I think Helm of the Juggernaut would be a good addition to Ghost Ship drop table
Ja!
I'm digging it
tl;dr: Hakuho is going to try and work on washing his hair more
Let's get real guys, 81 degrees in New York is almost like sniper fire
North Korea
When you're talking to locals all day, every day your language skills tend to become at least decent :p being able to speak Spanish will be great.
You guys seasons over what are you all doing here
well then, we'll just have to pressure for-profit companies to start doing geological research that's in line with the teachings of ~~Pat Robertson~~Jesus H Christ!
I mean, obviously she needs to do her next press conference in a bikini, right?
Yes, sometimes people use these things which make us switch locations
shut the fuck up you mongoloid bin laden wannabe
Cutting through that China food.
Here you dropped this
Well....I guess you gotta draw the line somewhere right....right?
Abandon this show, its very bad, we are idiots for watching it
But that's acceptable because it's Clinton
Get a better phone.
Those darn millenia just aren't going to movies
Ya think?
Why do we care what disease her doctor has?
Ok why mostly all of the top commetns are regarding women lol?
So what does having money have to do with that lol
Senator Sanders is prepared to make a statement, as soon as he finishes his regimen of one-armed push-ups.
Yeah, I live in Seattle so it's not a huge commitment for me :)
We should destroy the border!
I will miss you so much.
I'm shocked
Ikea Bekant in black.
Patriotism.
It's never lupus
But wasn't Tryndamere who advocated on spending only the money you made in a context in said context?
Cr1t- and zai are as much NA star as Puppey and PLD are SEA stars
Yeah but if they told us it would have to be a $25 ****** giftcard because we cant have any sponspors ruining league
Tacos can't play fantasy football.
You're talking to him
I recommend shoes
if you want to dissolve Milo you might as well go Quick.
because ugly chicks totally know that they are ugly, they don't have an army of idiots telling them on the internet every day how beautifulhotamazing they are.
^^^on ^^^this ^^^post ^^^^sorry ^^^^could ^^^^help ^^^^it ^^^^;P Hi my name is TheInfiniteBananaGun, earlier tonight i played pretty much all night and have loved it so far look forward to playing more.
Wtf rito support sucks because i can't carry with it
I saw Cleary in nz for new years, can't believe I he isn't coach yet
You forgot
Spoil or Cancel
Does "Does not explode" count as a feature?
The problem is that no one is playing it
Whore or exploited, women do not dress sexy for any other reasons.
Maybe if he was a top WR in the league...
100$ guaranteed, or a *chance* at not paying 10k$...
No overage, no overage fees!
Is the name calling and disrepect coming from a "place of love" too?
for years we begged for a special edition battlefield xbox console and this is what they put out... you can see where they put a lot of thought into the design
Danny trejo will teleport into kino and finally explain that there is no morse code in the truck at spawn
Now do it with Noah next
Batik has best chest
Because it's the #currentyear.
i think you mean **well-fed**
It's so edgy, my bones are bleeding black blood, and I don't even know how that is supposed to work!
This will always and forever be my answer to this question.
Yeah, or a rich man could just move out a little father and buy twice the land at a tenth of the price.
Every single hinge must have 1000 layers of rust then.
You clearly learned that sort of profiling in your imperialistic, racist ROTC classes.
He's talking about Troy...
"Not REAL socialism!"
Did you just call every non-white in existence "an animal"?
Siq brah
I clearly remember it was Chad Greenway that was making all the amazing tackles in yesterday's game... The announcers told me so!
Yeah not sure why people are acting like one team won and another lost.
But the universities are all havens of liberal propaganda!
OMG Scandal!
But remember guys Obama is the anti Christ because he takes the occasional vacation and goes golfing....
Being on Reddit during HR paperwork is a great start!
And the dumb keep getting dumber....
But you're invalidating the voices of the children!
Gauthier should have had a steak and calmed the fuck down
If the kiler is camping you fly off and drop-kick them in the face and the killer dies
Conservatives sure make a lot of sense.
Why rehabilitate when you can torture?
This is not propaganda.
We like the moooooooonnnn But not as much as a spoooonn
Clearly the necklace was so bad that it convinced the girlfriend to cheat
It's fucking bullshit to equate _communism_ with the science of evolution.
Yes, NASA are just a bunch of libral hippies.
Nine games makes it sound false.
This isn't even the right Crossbone reeeeeeeeeee!
Nintendo NX actual name: "The Storm" confirmed!
More employed people in NY mean less drug dealers for them to send up!
Colorblindness?
Your trolling right ahahah sure mate
Damn vaccines.
Try gojek as well for motorbike taxis
Yeah cuz snake oil salesmen only came about after the scientific breakthroughs
You can't accuse women of being hysterical, you shitlord scum!
I try to buy as much as I can from my LGS, after that is CoolStuffInc, Miniature Market and Amazon.
Cool street fight
No way this was stage!
Boy has Apple got the perfect solution for you!
It's just a prank bro!
Oh yeah then link to the peer reviewed, randomized, double blind studies that show that
He should quit, go home, walk barefoot on some lego, bash his shin on a coffee table, set himself on fire, and then hang himself, along with anyone else who does not see the LNP light.
There seems to be a section missing about the Monero innovations which make it scale better than an unrestricted (non-Blockstream/Core) Bitcoin.
And you should get more XP for each and every action you do, even daily sign in, more 10 KM eggs, more rare pokemon should spawn in your house, 10 regular pokeballs should turn 10 ultra balls if your bag is full when you spin a stop, you should get 90 or more coins for holding a gym and infinite incubator each time you level up, more candy for buddy pokemon each 10 meters and you should be able to change evolved pokemon moves at your every whim
Turncoats are by definition untrustworthy.
gee I wonder when will iPhone 7 get updated to Android N
If you're doublestacking you probably suck and don't use vgs.
So meta
Interested, added you on steam
Haha, isn't casual racism just the best?
Thomas Jefferson was a shitlord slave owner who could not envision the benevolent bureaucratic utopia that our current Democratic party supports.
#1 exporter of potassium
This isn't a dress up Barbie game
Because he's your one and only chance and there are no men out there who like dogs.
I definitely saw that as well
But muh TSM is obviously better than last year FNC
Monsanto Corp.
Why do you think that the transmission locking up would have *anything at all* to do with it being low on lubricant?
Do you sell magic 8-balls as well by chance?
more sombras
yeah, because the world is gearing towards ridding itself of Capitalism..
Threads like these always make be appreciate how close i live to an In n Out
You'll never be a true warlock main!
Starts at 15:30
Dude your not suppose to actually read the article, just upvote for the title!
You win
He says "douche" m8
Presumably boost to 118 and stay for 30 mins
I thought it was journalism.
You entitled asshole.
I can't believe she is communicating with her campaign!
Asshole?
Does it come with 10 year / 100000 mile warranty?
It's not Zlatan's fault United have beens struggling, but this analysis isn't false.
Fortunately not sure another team in that division touches 7 wins let alone 9-10.
Is he using the Roland dual zone trigger to launch samples from the pad?
That's just Space Jesus.
At least 2 of the twelve are currently in high school.
No thanks, don't want it then.
That dann story always getting in the way of the important stuff..
Menard to Penske rumors confirmed!
So what your saying is an armed society has no impact on crime rates then right?
Match fixing surely
And we have a 350pp play with 1k upvotes
Its just as bad on pc... lets just agree, The people that do it are twats.
Who?
Take that Tyra Banks and your skinny hoes, a plus size can be a successful model too
A 30 second intro.... good job!
can someone send me a legit site i can order some before it becomes illegal?
Garbage time.
You say that like I have $500 laying around to spend on a pos Goldwing!
98.3 bitches SUCK IT jajajaja
"Historio" gee I wonder what this means.
missed the
"Save for a few months" to raise $300...sure sounds like spending at a whim to me.
but i like the tampon stains on my white pants :P
So if google pixel smartphone is really a flagship and if its a iPhone competitor then will google support this pixel devices for 4 years like apple do?
Wait, Canadians can vary in their politeness?
Well now you know where they got it!
It's great when we all speculate on professional statisticians' methods, isn't it?
Well I'm sure the lizards can make more than one suit!
May I ask what are your sphere set-ups?
Sorry, lost an Overwatch match and thus my temper...
Guess being class rank 3 SF in tower is just my p2w gear then
Fucking brilliant comment m8 I'm sure these rating will prove you right at the end of season
The whole Brexit thing was supposed to draw attention away from the war inquiries, what are these idiots doing by bringing it up again!
Pics or it didn't happen
So did that mean OR/AS are parallel or RSE/ORAS are parallel?
could be considered a spoiler
Looks like a goblin.
But Comney is obviously a shill when he said the 3 classified emails she had were labeled incorrectly.
I'm sure that's exactly how it goes down.
bard is kinda weak no offense
Think of what they'll get because they'll get the #1 pick again.
our feeble minds just can't understand his tactics
Yeah but that was black people saying white chick's have privilege... so much different
Standard Friday night, isn't it?
I know when I go to vote the #1 criteria to who gets my vote is their race!
Yes and Cammy will be typing up his CV in best boiler plate ironing his suit and going to a job interview right?
In case anyone was worried,
Wow I did not see this coming!
Coliba ta nu este muzeu/cladire istorica de importanta internationala
BC abandoned confirmed
because bernie would have weakened the fda.
In a window box, obviously!
You sound pleasant person
So do we blame you for his death?
So that those foreign governments give us information about their own citizens... who are all non-american terrorists
It's not segregation if it's done for the " "right" reason, and I know what the "right" reason is because I'm right.
No, no, his job is to try to trick some atheists in America, but they're to clever for him and see right through him.
Do you ever redeem them?
There are bigger problems in life, you can have serious health issues from just being tall, also increased likelyhood of STD's *FROM ALL THE PUSS WE DROWN IN YEABOI*
Dropping a Concussion to swing a 1v1 in your favor or to disengage is something that had not crossed my mind, excellent point.
To allow for the highest quality pixels, if course.
In the past no
That seems like it'd be so hard to do...
Co za kurwa debile...
Well, since any bodily imperfection is clearly a sign of moral dissipation you must have ticked off the Little Baby Jesus right and proper...
Next they'll be putting decent hardworking British coppers out of the job by undercutting them
nothing but a visual glitch, what you need to do is hit the buttons in nacht and place the dg4's in the teleporter
Apple isn't innovating anymore, they're just copying existing solutions and they market them as something new.
Damn 5 years is a massive age gap!
It can be a reference, maybe searching in the MoTD area in the Verruckt Island?
Babies don't belong in aww.
Yeah, being called "bean pole" for most of my teenage years was all fun and games, because at least I wasn't being called "whale".
He was basically a country bumpkin with a TV show, not sure we have anyone more worthy
But what about the scrapbooks!
I believe an impactor gave uranus it's tilt.
Oki doki
Nah, you see, they can't be notable or celebrated, they were dirty SJWs!
And I heard Gran Metalik's yaya is from the Philippines, very proud of our countrymen!
that would be crazy, and we would circle around you lamenting about how silly your little tinfoil hat is.......
Because Trump is running against an ambitious woman, so we have to apply a double standard.
Because, you know, technology has yet to invent wired in ear headphones that stay together when they fall out of your ears.
Well, that's relaxing.
Well he can do anything, so it makes sense!
But you're just a police officer, he's a garbage man and far more intelligent.
Because most of them can't walk now
you seem to have a very precious account maybe you won't get banned
All the bombs Clinton will drop on other countries have to be carried by drones and planes that burn fuel.
That sounds like something someone malicious would say!
Bronze pack..
So could you explain how Michelle is not what a First Lady should look like?
The tax credit is in addition to the deduction, not instead of it.
But they are white, I didn't think white people were allowed to be victims of racism
To be fair, they both belong in jail.
Here, you dropped this:
Capoue: The Mahrez of 2016/2017
Your quote from the FAQ specifically says you can't acquire the second lock if you already have one on Kagi.
There are a number of things to do... like yourself
But the stats say our defense is top 10
Did the game become somewhat more stable?
Why do we need an AMA when r/vancouver already has all the answers?
Is this those burdensome regulations that I hear are strangling our economy and thwarting job creators?
Correction, I have racked up $30k in debt thank you very much.
Trump for SCOTUS!
Loads of soft fouls, annoyed at the offside but we were fucking shit anyway
How's YOUR territory doing, pal?
I tried to find it too but couldn't, which is weird cause they have all the other "being so and so" on the app
Clearly WWI is actually Russia's fault for honoring their alliance.
Well, with no job, I guess I could start drinking PBR, buy a monster truck, a confederate flag and a Trump bumper sticker to be in with the in crowd I guess.
That's what the student should say to the teacher!
Whoever put their fingers on the lenses is so getting fired.
I'm not sure that cool and dorky are mutually exclusive...
Adding my voice in hoping for this, and here's something to use, if you guys and girls want: no sparrow.... just our characters flying low to the ground, black &amp; white-era superman style, basically.
####pool party trynd lets make it happen rito pls
You forgot the
Think of how much time you could save if you could have just bought pen boss armor right in the cash shop!
I'm confused what does Northwestern have to do with this?
Because it was totally Pneumonia.
Can a 20 week fetus?
Because if someone has more stuff in a video game than you, it must be because you're better than them and they have no life right?
Goldberg
username checks out
"Yeah if you could stop shooting me in the foot, that'd be great."
LiEr
I mean... at least she had your health in mind.
he solved the riddle of the number of the beast.
so top Democrats except Hillary either vetoed or abstained from voting for a bill with strong bipartian support?
well gee I wonder who could have thought this was a possibility.
Welcome to Gedong, Hope u enjoy 42 sar cookhouse food.
WHOOOOOSHHHHHHHHHH,..................................
I think everyone is focusing on the assassin reworks since both Sandbox and Replays were known beforehand.
These are the pearls of knowledge that make the 10% worth it.
Jostens, I'd bet.
It's not fat-shaming if you're doing it to a cishetero patriarchal scumbag
\#HealthAtAnySize
Yeah and that "Ray Mystery" guy who ever gave a fuck about him
Get that Aug off of here!
You forgot the uncounterability clause
That's why he would do it from orbit.
But how can something complicated be fun?
But if you don't shave it will make you undisciplined and useless in combat.
You should drive her and and Chad to her apartment.
Yeah and heteronormativity is not a consequence of human reproduction requiring both sexes and troll society is not binormative because their biological sex doesn't matter in the reproduction process.
you forgot the
Ghoul
He's clearly Daddy of the yar YALL GIVE HIM A DAMN BREAK
Duh, it's part of the original charm!
You're a bloody traitor you kilt sniffing cunt!
Yeah, I also conveniently declare that I'm of "hispanic origin" when I get triggered.
Yeah, modifications like this should be reserved for only the finest European luxury sedans.
I'd rather be dead than healthy and living a long life of agonising health and painful, painful happiness.
TIL.
This is exactly what our private, for-profit prisons want, lifetime memberships.
"Believe me, folks."
not with that defense we're not
Same thing happened (Ipad) to me everytime it tries to log in Hearthstone crashes the app to the home screen.
Relevant flair
I guess those other guys just aren't as durable as Cruz.
I didn't know shit posting is a hobby
But not the comment this thread deserves.
Good news man, the Vive now comes with a headstrap so you don't have to physically hold it on your head!
Yeah great comparison, these two incidents are completely related
A dildo that spits acid too, right?
Mind asleep... Awake body?
Hey, lots of people fell for the moon hoax, so you can't hold it against the prophet for giving specific details about the inhabitants of the moon, including their style of dress and their life expectancy, and promising members that they would preach the gospel to those living on the moon.
What's wrong with just going to your local Tim Horton's?
Yeah, because aid for Saudi Arabia started under Obama.
I can nearly confirm I was not autistic until I was vaccinated.
""You miss 100% of the shots you don't take - wayne gretzky" - Michael Scott"
Eh Grade 1 lang daw napagtapos eh.
Madison Square Gardens?
I thought that scott came in the backyard after her, am I wrong?
he made noise, basically talking in my book
If you don't fall while skating you're not pushing yourself hard enough.
Xterra
not even a thanks?
Wait a minute, I thought all the bigots liked each other.
It'll be interesting to see if he dials down his rhetoric for a bit.
Now that you mention it...
51 points in 68 games played last year, what a horrible stat line.
but but I collected enough friend karma to exchange for oral sex
You've only seen this article about 50 times?
Yeah, it worked out great for Italy.
They should have him back on again, and if he wins they pay of his lawsuit lol.
but muh genders
Im at 69 so far.... am I missing something
Kind of like how Bernie and his supporters are racist and sexist I suppose?
Thank you!
Sure worked with Obama.
Which they said was a rip off of an encyclopedia brown book
But... but, they will call us xenophobes for not accepting of veiled outsider!
I thought Trump was supposed to create jobs, not destroy them.
And many Republican actions over the last eight years have not been driven by animus towards Obama.
But his outreach to Black voters was so effective.
Finally today Pep will have his first real test!
What, no Russell Crowe?
Cause she can't crit
Lol all Khans are alike...
who cares.
Yeah what a fucking loser, why can't he be totally alpha and normal and confident like you?
Looks like they're ready to murder some black folks, woohoo.
That black screen at the end to push the video to 27 seconds.
this is why I'm voting for Hillary twice...
dude, that was ART...
How you know psyonix isn't really good at marketing.
You can see in some videos on the test range the round does bounce off the ground after passing though the target :D
'Russman' remembers now.... 'Bad' is his first name, 'Ass' is his last name.
its avail on amazon prime.
Can I downvote this post ?
ayyy
Oh now you're just being transphobic
No controller support
Man I kinda wanna get back to playing vanilla, I just get stumped every time I start over because my friends aren't playing anymore :/ I'd really like to join your server though, you guys sound like a fun bunch
Of course, as expected
Personality is what matters
Sell asap before his price drops
Telling men they are wrong or that they cannot have or be something is hate speech, don't you know that?
Exactly this.
Kesler should have beaten him with the stolen stick!
Noooooo drumpf hates gays right guys
guess i should have added a
You humiliated CMR in 2013.
In a dynasty league, REALLY hope they put him on the DL instead of taking up another roster spot along with Keuchel and Salazar.
To be fair, LOADS of outside money came in to win that seat away from the democrats.
Just ban people from picking their own teammates maybe?
Stop trying to be better than him
Wtf u talking about boost to silo was hard as fuck
This seems like a completely unbiased publication full of accurate information from reliable sources...
Not shoe brands op wtf are you on
Sivir's W bounces can now crit
I guess he woke up in the middle of his sleep to start another incubator.
Yes because white people are so oppressed
Yeah, Hitler did that all by himself.
My votes go to Jenna/That Wife, Neely and Feminist Breeder.
Inb4 it's some house of cards conspiracy shit
Charge your freaking phone, man!
How are you playing Binding of Isaac with a mouse
What about shade though?
Yeah im watching it on CNN right now.
But it's not terrorism!
jizzle
Wo yaw knee duh yen dow
yes because there isn't enough mainstream enthusiast peripherals on this sub.
Because in the US wise men don't exist?
It's just a bullshit done by conservative to downplay any culture that is against Conservative's view(aka Islam).
Should have just gone the large purse routine as seen in How I Met Your Mother
They only changed 60% of their team since then, that's means they are completely identical.
What gave me away?
I fight for being anti-government...
God im old, i was under the impression that this was something everyone knew
how do you make those random numbers?
It's on their radar
if only we could introduce THC producing genes in seaweed.
Yeah, playing a black female cancels it out.
poor upper class
Disney paid off the audience
Banned
Una copa por las islas
But but.... They are editing the DOW to fit Hilary's narrative!
He's right Obama created the 2008 financial crisis then elected himself into office to fix it so he could come out as the hero.
ITT since this is so *gendered*: "Good girls deserve loyal guys that give them their entire paycheck and won't do weird stuff in other people's bedrooms"
"you are all fools in believing there is anymore!"
More like Malzahar
no team usa needs more grit and more blocks
We need to get a Verizon commercial where Kelce is chopping wood in the forest and maybe we'll get some love.
Can't call runs against the ever dominant Cowboys defensive line!
Nah dude, pokego can totally read your YouTube data, pick up on images and then react in-game.
uh come again
Yeah, but when you're gaming, that 1 second is really gonna kill ya.
yeah dude buried die rise and TranZit are way better than mob and origins
hahahaha it's shaped like a penis which is a private part and inappropriate hahahaha
Ahh the beauty of socialism
ABSTINENCE ONLY.
As a white Christian male, mental illness is the only chance I have left to be able to enter any progressive conversations.
No way hes overpaid
The moral of the story is transsexuals are gross fucked up criminals who kidnap dolphins and are not to be trusted.
Ah yes getting shoved out of bounds i is stepping out voluntarily...I guess I forgot that part of the rules
Well technically, it's not wrong.
It would just delay GT7 by another 2 years
hell yeah
Yeah, this is just idealism
Because you won the superbowl SIX years ago!
Now that baby has autism.
Sure when she does it it's called modeling but when I do the same thing I am charged with indecent exposure.
Bb.... Buutt muhhh kda ratioooooo
You dropped your
The pre war jet
Noooo you're gonna break Reddit
I thought they had good work ethic over there.
What is the original source here?
I think we can all agree you just crossed paths with the next Eminem...
Nit: You've got a lot of typos in there...
C'mon, let's just all appreciate the fact that they got everything essential right and managed not to bring it to you in pieces in a bag.
his music is super fucking weird, I'll grant you that lol
yeah,I'm sure chinese in america are spies too
You are much better than the real CarolinaPanthers
Rainbow six siege, Destiny, Elite Dangerous
It could have been a Breitbart reporter trying to stir up trouble for the guy.
brain.exe was not found malwarebytes.exe has stopped working - fuck :P
Oh nice they upgraded the kitchen sink
Great for the insomnia!
Yeah man the G303 is sooo heavy!
He's obviously a privileged white male scum.
You forgot the
Why did you say the same thing twice?
She's giving FAR TOO MANY press conferences!
that's why you pronounce it "squirrel"
That's such a Jewish sounding name... no wait Christian...
What a deal !
This.. holy shit the writing of BotB was bad and it won them writing award... probably a slow year for script writing
Looks like Wikipedia got the wrong URL and description for it then.
apart from perosnal nitpicking, all the IS tanks play exactly the same, great tank on any line
roots out for [Ysera]
Your favorite moment is the One World merge?
Dont call them stupid that is beastialty and I'm extremly triggerd
Are you saying by the end he's only going to have one ball left, or are they each going to take one?
I almost Lol'd
Or in space, the roof keeps raising itself ;)
But at least you have an axe!
Cops can do no wrong though, at least, that's what Blue Lives Matter &amp; All Lives Matter activists tell me.
That's not how processes work, the more variables the more difficult.
mauka hai, business badhao
Euphoric..
But Saint Apple molest kids so....
Yeah losing your job and that's it seems a reasonable punishment for making some false charges trying to destroy an innocent guys life
But it's all the Democrat mayors fault!
Never seen before, impressive!
That's a horrible story.
for real i think infj-ness is reinforced by non-supportive environment, i feel quite independent but it's very much off of others' dependency fuck im traumatized
Otherwise
I don't find it bad but it is different but not in the Hippy kind of way.
Resisting arrest No other charge is brought Mobius justice
But Truex is still an asshole amirite?
You don't need to mansplain everything
This is obviously the correct response to time, care, attention, and depth: make fun of the effort.
When someone has an 85% approval rating, that's usually when there is the most election fraud.
Yea it sucks there wasn't some other candidate we could have voted for in the primaries who was well liked, had a long history of being above board, had the support of millennials, and was projected to beat Trump in a landslide by almost every major polling body.
But part 1 takes place in the 19th century.
But, you were following me, and you are a girl, that means you want me right?
It is a weak man who has to justify his actions with facts!
o yeah the reddit challengers
North Korea has been a country for almost a century but surely they will collapse any minute now...
Time to relocate to LA I guess
How does the food look though?
But *why* can't we use them if we have them?
If you're under 30, and still against gay marriage in Canada, you're ... special.
Pusha - Darkest Before Dawn Run the Jewels - RTJ2 Travis Scott - Rodeo My Aesop Rock - The Impossible Kid vinyl came w a poster idk about CDs tho
Can tell by that sexy flair
Wow I guess MOBAs are suppose to be like this im sorry guys
Must be faulty
B-b-but statistics are racist!
Totally the same thing.
Why are you talking about fox paws?
He works for Jack Links jerky.
Well that escalated quickly...
When I saw the predictions I checked the title again, but no its not Jatt's guide
The super bar stays empty so I'd have to guess it doesn't.
But electro-swing is still worse amirite
HAHAHA HE DOESNT KNOW ANYTHING WHAT A DICK
That's very much what a fox tail with mange looks like both aesthetically and during movement.
But the Vita has no games.
Yeah, and Alex Jones is one of the smartest people when it comes to conspiracy.
Nah - 600-800 million would have thrown this case out right away because Cox probably thought it was too unrealistic, let alone 500!
This guy gets comedy
Wow Jimmy Fallon is clapping and laughing, what a dick host!
you can't have them back!
That is solid internal testing done by Bungie yet again.... Obviously there was no way for them to anticipate and plan accordingly for the release of their expansion
Like the others said, if you have to have an enclosure and filter, the only good option is Cubicon's printers, which aren't terribly cheap.
Did you just assume this persons gender?
Just one reason why movies have gotten better over the past 80 years
Always give the margin of error to Trump when he was 1 campaign office in a state vs her 40
So no spring tour then ...
Too many feels from this
lmao
I thought you meant that you had tattooed one massive papercut onto your skin and I was very confused.
Tell her to push really hard right before her birthday?
Everyone knows games are dead after 6 months
That Jinx ultimate looks like clarity will not be an issue
But,but, Warlords is useless on Yasuo till 40 minutes into the game with a full glass cannon build!
I, too, thought this post was okay.
I forgot Chris Smoove played for them.
Calm down, Steve Balmer.
Daniel Tiger Umizoomi Super Why
I had forgotten that particular story--thanks so much for bringing it back to me.
Aaaaaaaaaannyyyyyyyyy minute now... *checks watch and shuffles feet*
Added you on Steam and Battlenet!
meirl
You did a great job not offending anyone, then...
He was Genoese, yes.
tbh I really wish we had 2005scape instead of 2007. not even
I originally used ice wiz instead of fireball, but fireball works better for me.
Hey now you sexist!
Are you saying I'm too much of a noob to beat SD?
That Reddit guy has so many sock puppet accounts on this website, it's sickening.
That's what I thought at first, but then why would the Alone remix and The 90s be on there?
Maybe college football is rigged and they're hinting at the drama that WILL come later!
I use mine as a remote for tv.
Not his work, seen this before.
Nah hes a pissed off Korean fan who doesn't want NA teams to succeed because kr coaches were saying Western teams learn more from scrims than kr teams do
could have heated it temporarily
And you can marry pokemon
If Radiant did one kill for every minute and Dire did one kill for every second, how did Dire lose?
That damned Hypergamy is running out of control.
There under AMG Transport Dynamics
Yeah man Google is going to go bankrupt any day now thanks for the stock tip
I wonder why a post about these litigious fuck would appear on Jim Sterlings Subreddit?
I will travel, across the web Blogging far and wide
Not to mention if your opponent played a War Golem - it would be one turn earlier and your Ooze would be a dead card!
what kind of magazines are those?
Thanks for not kicking the two AFKs in spawn.
Well, can't risk them catching the gay.
70% voted for it
We don't need speed, we need more grit.
Why not both?
windows 10
with radar on if the consistently perform on it
Allah knows best brother
I use arch I really never needed the terminal and everything just worked fine out of the box.
No you don't understand his car was running she had to shoot him!
Ya *everyone* knew Bisping was going to win
Hey traffic violations exist for safety, when you're a dumbass and ignore them you're also ignoring safety.
And they say fearmongering is exclusive to the right
Everything will be alright!
Of course we have to bend over for everything, especially since papa TRS might reward me if I kiss their ass enough.
Casual on Hulu.
Now we can make 57 new speed tiers and charge exponentially more per tier upgrade!
Yay neoliberalism!
He is using an ASUS tablet though.
But he tells us he beat 17 great candidates with his authenticity.
The President Nixon told me that Richard Nixon was not a crook.
But doesn't natural automatically mean it's good and organic and better than everything else that has nasty chemicals in it?
Impossible, if you don't croot the kid before he gets hair on his balls how are you going to know what kind of player your going to get
Funny I thought that the "short guys in yarmulkes" would love him.
Orbit going from EU to NA to ANZ and back to EU
Don't let yourself get too attached too soon.
Damn, I was just about to get that haircut!
OK, someone please post the location(s) of these sites, so we can all take a look while able to do so.
If you're talking about Joe, you're going to need go with a "love polygon" -- a triangle is grossly lacking in number of sides.
Such an astute comment!
Maybe it was just because you drive a prius
It depends how many people are dumb and I scam per week.
Secret fish melee weapon confirmed
Maybe Jose's not letting Rooney play himself out of the team, he's trying to give him a heart attack.
Well how could anybody be misinformed with you here being so incredibly informative?
LOL Hauntzer my boy when you gonna read the meta right and play Lucian top
Must be those racist white males that hate people of any color.
He didn't drink any more than he did in WI, it's just that the bar for alcoholism is much lower outside of WI
Are you a fedora wearing neck-beard?
So what your saying is that Reinhardt is obsolete now?
That's probably where the Lamanites went, too!
Maybe once DirectX works at all...
No, but he makes fiery speeches so clearly we're wrong about Collins
This is a good read
Clearly you are doing something wrong since it works perfectly for others.
There's people that live in Australia?
ESEA has such a shitty anti cheat system
Yeah right, too bad we only see him in the background of the second picture
Its on
ASIA server worst server
I have never upvoted you so much in one thread lol this guy is just a lost cause.
Well, I'm convinced!
In creased surface area for better cooling and stopping.
Fact: The faster you go, the harder you are to hit, especially without gear slowing you down.
That's about 10 claps per second
I wish the Pacific Islands would stop poaching NZ born players.
Smelling salts
Whitey had it coming
Well it was okay to gun him down then!
wow great advice why dont i sell all my skins and buy a few of these bad boys
Yeah, because the middle eastern men are going to respond so well to a burka-clad female telling them what to do.
No dude, he would have to work his way up the rankings... Probably would have faced Jared Rosholt to see if he's legit...
Clearly the down tube shifters are set up to actuate the dropper seatpost, no?
But if it was Americans instead, they would use it to cure cancer and poverty.
Heritage not hate guys
Because they're just a tiny fringe group only present on the internet and probably all trolls anyway.
Especially WW monks, Strike of the Windlord is entirely useless
Isn't that management at most places?
!remindme 1 week
Treyarch wouldn't do that.
Flat earth confirmed
You mean exclusive black fountains that the liberals took away from them!
B. But.. But science?
Yeah you're right, people from other countries don't count.
Thanks Obama!
thats why i dont use my real name
But remember that low numbers is just Satan's work, he's got his minions and powers fighting this thing
Shit dude I pay 2.50 an episode to Google for shows I like
I'm so good at drawing wolves
Yep, I don't need a phone which has always been used for calling and texting.
Windows?
How... how bad is that?
Oh you's a bitch
Yeah, that picture is a quote from an interview that was held today.
I guess I should of put a
its not keemstars account
Every 2-3 days, give or take depending on mood and circumstance.
Everything this xpac is RNG man, it makes the game more fun.
Cat doesn't like human, pulls some shit; gets new human.
How can we talk about policy when all these brown people are invading MY country
yea i know that glitch where the gym turns yellow often happens to me to
I wonder why Kaom's were so cheap before 2.4.0g and will suddenly go up in price now
No that's a round robin elimination, Canada's gold
I honestly don't see how that adds clarity to the code.
Yeah, a movie starring the wrestler, like Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson, is bound to suck
Some old Dale Earnhardt gas station standees would be improvements
There's such a thing as Leafs fair weather fans?
See what happens when you get the MARTA?
But the russians want Trump!
It's because of the shitty op shop shoes they wear!
You know it's bad when you ask what Hoppe, David Friedman, and Huemer think about it, and all you get is "TRUMP WILL STOP LEFTISTS"
I've never seen this picture.
You don't go to concerts because it's fun, you go to show everyone how fun you are!
That menthol high tho...
What if this is Nintendo's secret plan to get people to buy the game?
So the men can sit around and discuss important matters, without the nuisance of troubling the pretty little heads of the women?
The Reddit way
i'm pretty sure that was
I mean, attractiveness is subjective... but I'd blow him.
what a great contribution to this discussion.
No, and it doesn't look like it's one of the most requested features
I don't know why your getting downvoted:(
I want to hear Joe Rogan comment on Joe Rogan's delusion.
Time to *Pack* it in for him?
Exactly, you can't have players developing CTE if they're dying of cracked skulls on the field.
Scream for tech support and ask how do I get an upgrade.
Because being a mens rights activist is being a cry baby, am I right?
Ya but emails
To be fair, I don't think this rule applies to Mage's Ballad even though it explicitly states it applies to the caster using it.
Play them sneaky beaky like.
But this is Calgary a safe and harmless city where nothing bad happens to no one ever
Have you ever eaten Turkish figs?
Omfg how dare you use rape in that context its 2016 this is unacceptable
That's one of the other silly rules - you can never win as a woman!
Not going to make much difference, he's just a system QB after all
non-cutes don't make any money.
Your right George Clooney was way better as batman
Fortunately for him, he is running against Hillary who, if you could build the worlds worst candidate, it would be her.
Why are you complaining when you have Brad Neely's Harg Nallin Sclopio Peepio to watch, literally the greatest show Adult Swim has ever conceived.
*That's what many people are saying*
Should have stayed on the 250...
yes?
Yes because punishing women who are not fortunate to have an "ideal" pregnancy is the right plan...
Ajar means the door is not completely closed
because iphone master race
He totally doesn't have malice towards you!
Motherfucker tryina steeeal my idea for an iPhone protective case design!
Relieve stress and solve the problem at the same time by punching the headlight switch in its smug little face before you get out.
And a lot of people confront cops making demands.
Nah bro they just don't respect Bisping
Sure, make more skins unavailable for people who solo Q, definitely a big improvement!
Inb4 no pink guy
Sad!
And that's why this is the first and last time you get the aux
yeah stopping the people jaywalking are gonna stop the murders
Did Gogeta kill him?
He lost the bag WHILE MAKING THIS ARGUMENT... If it could happen to such an upstanding citizen it could clearly happen to anyone.
The only acceptable answer you could have given was "that's the joke".
George Soros having them bused in from University City.
this is an Arrested Development gag.
conscript your entire male population then we will start talking
I thought rahat got indian citizenship, why should he face any problems?
that would hurt my sense of scale of the ~~galaxy~~ system.
you can only be racist if you're white, after all.
But I heard leaving the person you were shooting at alive during a robbery and just killing their husband that was protecting your original target then running away was the way to rob people?
#NAME?
Seize him guys!
It's probably the infection he got from all his steroids injections.
so this is why half life 2 was optimized, still doesn't run on the 486 tho
Dude, no way!
I happened by a dealer that was selling a VW potbelly stove.
Do you mean a grilled cheese
I hope you had fun with your drinking, then!
How else could you read that?
Yes, I'm sure that random person knows how you'll feel at some indeterminate point in the future much better than you do.
I try to use positive reinforcement above punishment but when we're not home i can't stop her from eating poop
missing the
The best part about being a cop is you get to shoot dogs and retards without losing your job.
It couldn't be at a more opportune time for cable companies either, what with the complete lack of other options for consumers.
That's how baby boomers learn about those spoiled, entitled millennials.
Yep, to this day no one knows mark Twain 's real name.
Good thing rope was "recently" invented for tying loads down on vehicles...
I thought they did this before she announced.
Better buy 9 1070s
Sounds like 'revisionist history' to me.
Game and watch has bucket and 9, he definitely has to be top ten
Ale is a food right
Gee I wonder why?
dangit, now I regret making it
I understand your concern for the irreparable damage the drag music scene has suffered, but can't we divide our attention between these two equally tragic events?
Maybe the Jews should have, you know... just left Europe in the 20's.
Man, you'd probably have to pay the tax on the original retail price, so you'd be like $159 to get it out the door fuck that
I'm sorry my terrible story was so bad.
He did something wrong or every single other tester is paid by Apple
Gonna save your replay and show it you in 20 years again when Klopp is still the manager of LFC ;)
Wtf ?
At least Photos is well designed
You might have to give out party hats to make up for it.
Such balance.
Everyone sacrificed and contributed in WW2, no matter how big or small.
Can confirm, will repost next week
Oh of course that's exactly how it happened
Oh my, shelving pills means something VERY different where I'm from.
I totally hate that magnificent alpha bastard!
Think of all the empowered third world children who make her high heels!
Chef our one true lord and Savior
He will never win a General Election because he's unelectable
I think you forgot the
We should regulate weaponized shitposting
Don't even worry about it dude, it's just some wacky zany super silly in detail sex story about Arin's wife.
Responding officers forgot to be racist as per department guidelines.
I bet he "boosted" you really well after all.
cuz east needs to be united, because we could see last years that their lack of union with every other eastern region made them lose every international event!
Here you forgot this
Plot twist: manufactured on 14nm LPP
Yeah he is left footed so should get an LB card
bayo doppler in a few more months
dodo rex will be on the island + the centre, dodo wyvern will be scorched earth
Yeah, not Material enough for me.
It's not normal so it's unacceptable!
Oh yeah, evil Tumblr is gonna overpower us all and make it an Authoritarian state
What a DIRTY player, suspend him NOW!
My WR core of OBJ, Kelvin Benjamin, and Larry Fitzgerald sure is putting up some serious numbers today!
Beats saying you have a groin problem
Those aren't closed you racist
Oh look at moneybags over here who actually gets to watch a *broadcast* of the game instead of a restream!
You sound pretty racist.
The song they play at the wedding though.... "Now I'm a fat house cat Nursing my sore blunt tongue Watching the warm poison rats Curl through the wide fence cracks Pissing on magazine photos" Just beautiful.
Northern Lion.
Easy, next coach will play Halilovic and they'll proceed to win every game.
You forgot the
Inb4 new Valve update: awp ammo reduced to 10/10
Well he did throw that INT.
Surely it was just a fundie scientologist
Start seeing motorcycles!
But men aren't supposed to have long hair!
You mean we as a community shouldn't ask for reparations?
tbh ireallydgaf he sucks i don't look like an idiot misspelling it
We need to fund more of the DEA to control the situation!
How dare members of the sport's media dedicate their time towards being sports media.
probably a young latino boy
Dog filter=giving up?
Saturday Night dead amirite?
Moderators, not fact checkers.
She hacked the online votes
It's easy to get confused given that there are so many popular Buddhist temples in Malaysia with all the hilltribe kids hanging around.
Someone's salty today.
That's what Sweden gets for bombing isis in the middle east.
You forgot this
It's like Hilary supporters don't even know how to copy/paste hyperlinks.
That's obviously just because he didn't die at all in Archdragon Peak.
Should have told her that you're a Heroin addict and often use already used needles and that's why you want to be tested
You're disrespecting the greatness that is David Arquette
They're exactly the same!
I think it's just that he feels the need to comment on the way I am, when he's never seen me with anyone else.. it was overstepping
fucking liberal media ...
I'd say the invasion into the Middle East after 9/11.
We are totally poor chaps over here living off the animals running around in our mud streets
So, if Dig wins Blizzcon, NA dominance continues
Where is Arrow's wife?
Where do you live because I forgot to say NA only
We work in this country not take two week vacations.
You can always talent out of one of the best CD's in the game to get burning rush!
But Buu killed Dabura
Let me guess: women are disproportionately trafficked because they identify as weak and feminine.
Yea fuck have a big house and nice car!
BECAUSE YOU'RE A FILTHY PIRATE!
"because you think I have a teenage girl in the trunk," I have never said it, but my dad did... crazy mother fucker.
Well they were obvious beta cucks
I build crit on Loki
But they neeeed male guardianship to save them from their sexual urges
It had been banned since 2012 actually.
oh hi there, mr EVGA rep, can you send me a 1060?
But... we're the worst 3-0 team...
OMG, why can't you treat a woman with RESPECT?
No, there are actually flies that are only 0.0038um tall.
Office Depot would have marked it at $9.99
Oh dear, this one poor Wal-Mart!
But Lil Exorcist was definitely a good hardcounter to Undertaker, bro.
Yeah, then the fucks in NC take credit when the Wrights were OH boys at heart.
You forgot your
Get two local guys, dress them up as Trump &amp; Clinton and put them in a 10 minute match.
You sound like a well-informed voter.
Maybe if I identify as trans-swole I can get an endocrinologist to hook me up.
It's simple, they just make it first-person
Has science gone *too* far?
Well at least he's had a respectable afterlife.
Great post
Don't forget no SMS fallback!
Nah, obviously Nuremberg was an assault on Nazi leaders' human rights!
That's still only like 5% of America :) Most waiters make between $10-15 an hour.
Oh goodie, 10ah pouch cells out of shenzen.
You could mug him the next time he wears it
Now I know why I had a blackout yesterday.... ~~Staph stealing my bulbs for ideas dammit.~~ Besides that was an increased rate for smooth stone, so no you didn't get it
but he had time to stop from a full sprint
Viewers are coming out of her ... wherever!
AWW DUDE CMON ITS JUST A LIL SMALL TINY MISTAKE I MEAN IT HAPPENS TO EVERYONE AM I RIGHT?
One driver, one crew chief, one spotter, the crew chief has to get down there and do everything himself, if the driver wants, he can get out and help, the spotter can too, but he'll have to spot from the infield.
But Kyle likes Trump, so I think Trump won.
Danny Woodhead, Julian Edelman, Toby Gerhardt, Wes Welker, etc.
But it looks so cool!
I too would like the double barrel to be purely better than the water-pipe and pump shotgun in close quarters.
Even if G2 practiced for MSI, they still would have gotten shit on.
He had such a great "temperament"
inb4 SKD released for a FULL WEEK **at the same time** as Arc 3
they bought it fair and square from the dude in the field on the ATV...
Nice save
Cuz a half game lead is totally safe and awesome.
it's where amaya puts there bitcoin miners so not only charge insane rake, little rewards but can use your GPU for mining
Should've added an
oh good call...I had originally tried on the Fox app and they don't broadcast live TV until primetime.
Run.
Post of the week, right there.
Sounds so contradictory yet so australian :D
Yea took me so long getting used to Sir Alex.
Then it would confirm that Scott Cawthon is Kane Carter and we have been complete idiots for not figuring it out earlier.
Are you telling me this is an airshow stunt?
Well there's a surprise...
But AK-47 is more accurate and do more damage
Impossibru, novideo drivers are always the best, they never malfunction
I didn't know martians had genitals like that
But voting third party is basically throwing your vote away!
There's no way chillary is only in for the money.
I'm sure that proselytizing without your name tags really helped....
I'm excited to see Beelzeboss's and SNDS Nova Prime kit for the White CW Optimus in color and the actual figure, so far Beelzeboss is winning for me
You'll get what Vince Foster got!
Lord knows what will happen if we bomb them even further.
But GUYS, HE TELLS IT LIKE IT IS.
Does it work?
"feminist pornographer" You're always on the winning team when you have a living oxymoron up to bat.
for me it says theres a new version of overwatch at the bottom and I can't play anything
He'll be fine in office because his advisors will help him think on his feet more effectively
get the fuck outta here with ur stupid opinions man weed is all I need
Sorry sir, I only clicked on the post for the rant.
Inb4 dust2 removed out of map pool for new inferno
Thank you!
Take it from the person who who never studied child psychology and doesn't know how to read a scientific paper to give an accurate assessment of all of the data regarding gender dysphoria that has been compiled over the past century.
Great, they're really focusing on the biggest problems.
Trump has a better temperment than Hillary, he covered this in the last debate.
Facts: Comparing 2014's murder rate to 2016 incomplete data set and completely ignoring 2015.
I'm being sarcastic.
Actually I just saw him on a talk show talking about how relieved he was to get it, he can finally move on with his life
TIL treason isn't corruption as long as Glorious Leader Hill Jong Clinton does it.
And this how the United States ended up with Walmart's destruction of small businesses and replaced with cheap products from overseas, destroying American textile industry among others.
His last name
You didn't tip you cheap SOB
I forgot that all N64 emulators are exactly the same.
Clearly the Plasma Pistol starts in CE were the most even starts.
Because they have a goldfish's memory, so even if they had one, nobody would remember where it is.
And then the customer said yes, it's green
you don't understand MURICAN is the only language that matters
Don't forget to press the 4 buttons to activate his doorbell
He wants to fight Dominick you goof
I've heard that called 'killing' the yarn, too!
Please send your Social Security number, your credit card information and your mother's maiden name to this [address](https://reddit.com).
I'm surprised Colin Baker has that much support these days
That's some really good photoshop
No it's not skewed at all what the hell are you talking about I'm right you're wrong
at least they didn't change the oil on midnight
He's already broken one of the seven deadly sins, so once you cross the line go nuts I say!
What a fucking great strategy.
Jiraiya tried to get Naruto to control the Nine Tails for most of the timeskip and it ended up being a complete bust.
Hue guess someone forgot to tell my solo q teammates about that skill gap
But the new Macs will and it will only be possible because of the new ultra low power chip Apple included
That's because she had an earpiece with people telling her what to say.
Tip the waitstaff at least 25%, and don't be a dick.
Not sure which one he started at, but they eventually moved him to Stalag 8b.
Transgender people would not exist if there were no gender roles.
Looks like someone left a lens cap on, rookie mistake.
Valla's W build is also the best... Now Nazeebo... THIS MUST BE A SIGN!
I did but they all left me hanging :(
we need Trump to really show Putin what's-what.
How are you surviving in your war torn black community?
Nah, if you're moving them around that much they probably won't get dusty
afaik tl;dr iirc
What about the ugly ones?
Triforce - Hextech Gunblade - Rylai - Maw of Malmortius
but its bad experience
What does internet explorer have to do with this
Won't Christy Clark think of the children?
YOU FUCKING RACIST!
Time to invest in jean jackets.
yeah, I wonder why some people pick magics that are not lightning it makes no sense
That'll show the establishment!
I'm vegan.
racist
Why am I excited to see harden drive the lane in those
But he's not black so who cares about his unjustified death?
Good thing I can cover people in a bubble
He could play a new rapper on the come up
Did he have a "book" as well?
If you don't hit the chest from 360 degrees, how can it grow?
It doesn't matter the quality anyway we can always 'enhance that'
But i thought we were always the good guys...
Females are the fucking worst.
Because they didn't have Moroni 10:34-5 ofc
And if he didnt do it, he thought about doing it, and would have done it if he had the chance.
You sound like a rapist
Well, you can't expect him to bother being nice if he's not gonna get laid out of it.
Haven't seen that video before, nice find.
He sounds amazing over your production.
you forgot the
Tragic
But what's the significance?
3, 1, 2
I'm sorry you're too retarded to realize that that "cute little bobble head" is offensive to the people on the continent of Hawaii.
SMR is my favorite gun no
Read "Pens the Fuck," decided against additional beer.
Well, it would be your fault for being a cuck.
BLM confirmed racist terrorist organisation!
if the petition gets 100 votes then rust will go back to legacy duh
He's more of a feminist
Yes, I would put "all reporters" into the same category as a convicted felon known to literally frame (in the criminal sense) his political targets as baby murders, committing electoral fraud or otherwise.
Pfft, programmers don't use compilers, they use computers dumbass.
Good idea, I'll go for a rip around the block.
just get better at the game.
Le tit die?
oh hey forgot the
Asa e, mai bine sa castige PSD si sa faca ordine in justitie si la DNA.
Yes, killing any old North Korean citizen is commendable
Yes, clearly people doing illegal chemicals while primarily working in computer engineering are going to be experts in measuring the doses of drugs.
That's racist!
Ya little wank (Is that brit talk?)
Browns playin that 4D Space Chess.
But there's no pahrking down dere...and its unsafe!
That's just smart.
Lol esports isn't profitable.... how would they ever afford such precious commodities as fresh food.
Well magic online prize structure was too calculated before we gotta add some randomness too it
Vivid lands combo with proliferate
Shocking
Shocking
I thought it was the women's choice...
Forty dollars dollars
My Money's on Dark Eschamali, we already had Light and blue!
Wow this is cool ive never seen this picture before on reddit
Yeah it is, the new revolutionary alumigo hard!
I think Arcanine would have a decent shot at it with Bite or Fire Fang and Fire Blast.
You mean people don't like being deafened by Harley Davidsons?
Username checks out.
Yea, just let the banks fail and America would be fine and the financial crisis would be averted!
I can see that everyone agrees with you.
Pretty sure they react to you because you helped the windlord guy, or at least that's what they'd all say before turning friendly for me.
It's not my fault I'm making a U-turn from the farthest right-hand lane!
but fnatic is in worlds right now?
but theres anecdotal evidence!
You asshole add a spoiler warning
did they kick the griefer
I have a trustworthy friend that works at Balazs Law Office.
Yeah but Hillary was a court appointed attorney who had to represent a child rapist since that's the law, so they're equal.
Rosie O'Donnell, she deserved it, everyone agrees...
Everyone knows that you got to go after their families.
scrub
Knicks fans and Nets fans don't always get along...two teams in the same city causes some tension between fans
Yeah, because the debate we got on Monday had soooooo much substance.
Well, if the cow's not stimulated, I certainly am.
I'll take a truly progun candidate (with a chance) and I don't really care if it comes from a wing.
3 stickies, lightning nades or fun police suppression nades would be super balanced.
Just use the exefile.exe
current year
Like he did against West Ham home last year...
Trump should be sued for wasting public time....I wish
The calico, Callie.
\&amp;gt;\&amp;gt; can't use ult to overextend into a fully upgraded base and kill secure and then escape unharmed Oh nooooooo
Nope, sometimes you can only watch as they refuse treatment and take the dog away in a blanket.
Glad you learned all there is to know about subdurals in two weeks.
TIL someone got paid for King Kong
It's all straight swords with the stance weapon art and they all infuse best with refined on a 40/40 build
but i7 give no benefit to gaming
I AM an expert on the life cycle of the Atlantic salmon louse and non invasive treatment and prevention techniques, not meaning to show off or anything
SO glad you're an expert on it and can debunk the entire phenomenon.
Well there is an Assassin's Creed movie, so obviously they didn't want the game to interfere with another AC title.
because demoknight is hard
So you are saying that there is a conspiracy of contestants to criticize Trump.
Yeah... super fucked up
Lewis moving to Mercedes.. Like who would move form a winning McLaren team to a midfield Mercedes...
You mean Steven
Masha'Allah.
Yeah, but she has *experience*...
TBH the mbdtf 2 was 4 points too high.
Your desires are unconventional.
Is that what happens when a newborn dies in your country?
Looks like the prison system made him a better person
But drugs are scary and bad and the momma government knows what's best for me.
Yeah, I count my blessings every night and pray for the people close to me to be safe tomorrow
Thank you for taking the time to write this.
**IT'S HIGH NOON**
They probably just feel bad for you since you have a ps3 and gave you amazing cards
LV5CX9QXRMWD9GMP6PGPB Enjoy :)
Yeah but who lives in Perth?
I'm getting DayZ PTSD all over again
Yeah you know the Chinese and Swiss standards are exactly the same and the pay for the workers is the same too...So fuck you government for giving local products a benefit they definitely don't deserve.
Yes.
yeah, there are also american and australian
and that makes... TOTAL sense.
Good to see our tax money is going to the right place.
Yea he did a great job of uniting Americans and making us feel safe and proud.
"you won't believe #7!!!"
Typical spinach lobby, supporting big vegetable propaganda
Lovely tetas.
nice username
potato7
Females dont have nuts
Trouba
Toronto
Yeah because new vegas had no fan service or references.
I forgot the
Yeah, but they only waited for him to make a movement because he is white.
Because of lag...
No, Zuna is the ADC.
Please enlighten us with your knowledge!
It's cuz kikes matter and chinks don't
Maul is definitely going to kill Obi-Wan
I noticed that too... And was his only advice to his "friend"... Remember the good ol days?
But *I've* seen it before and the whole Reddit revolves around me!
Though I have very little experience playing the USN carriers, watching some of the replays that has recently been uploaded to YouTube has made me question the popular conception that USN carriers are through the board inferior to the IJN line.
Clearly 1400 year old religious practices are more important than an individual child's human rights.
Lions roam the streets and bad people steal our farms on a daily basis
Rich Rod didn't have his players for the system
Duh, just photoshop it out
Don't just assume the fox's gender.
No it gives you a red one
is paauer played in this mix?
It's funny, nobody has seen Jack Nicklaus since Palmer pasted away.
I remember the first time doing that quest, saw the pvp part and then saw the 0/10000... I seriously thought I needed to get 10k kills haha
Especially during the play through commercials!
Having recently got a 1080 Amp Extreme...I agree It's the only GPU that makes my dick look small in comparison
*Frailty* is awesome.
Back in MY DAY we got CONCUSSED to have fun AND THAT WAS THE AMERICA WAY.
That makes him smart.
Uninstalling avast worked for me as well.
You're right, he has Aspergers
You better apologize with how ugly that keyboard looks.
If you're lazy......
But it's not sugar it's isomaltulose....
But its SSM that is the *real* evil, right?
What a waste of 30 minutes.
Can confirm mail voting is great, but I do wonder how they reach homeless or transient citizens.
Are there any good Android N roms at the moment or is it too early for that?
Yeah they had a good thing going until some people ruined it
"No, it's no big deal, I'll be fine."
Oh the mothers youd please...
I thought NXT was WWE wrestling
Yeah some have liquid in them, watch out.
Everyone knows contacting people isn't contacting people!
He's an anime swordsman, so he must be a Fire Emblem character.
That happened 24 years ago.
I am surprised that Oregon State has not had more success now that Coach Anderson can get his recruits into school and run his own offensive system.
But how else could you tell that this bald baby is a girl?
Hairstyle reminds me of late 40's early 50's.
Can't blame Hitler because people ran with his idiotic statements.
Has anyone ever walked with their arms crossed like this in the history of mann?
I can't find the
But they have such wonderful advice about that, which is that we should just "lighten up" and not be "haters", which would solve everything, like it always has.
Proof?
Political Correctness
Cool cool, I'll have a look at Grace Alone
No man, they should've ran that route that scores a touchdown
Didn't realize I needed the
Yeah, I'm not going to sit through 4 30-second commercials just to see a 2-minute clip on 4oD.
I forgot that it was just a bonus for us, hopefully the ones waiting for the standard release are large enough number
Agreed, I wonder when technology will advance to the point we can actually turn this stuff down!
You must be new...
He's a leader, so he deserves to talk the most.
Hmm, maybe GRRM is a big fan of 8 year-olds and names characters after his favorites.
Tried out the Oculus yesterday and ended up having to wait for months to get my order.
Do you think they should limit the time so a team can't just take 20 minutes to kill the momentum?
Yeah still a billionaire, totally tanked it
Thanks a ton!
This will be front page news tomorrow!
Hey, ESPN talking heads, Peyton Manning was a system QB
But you have to be gold/plat to have valuble input for balancing!
Think of the children!
When I commented pretty much the only comments were the down voted ones.
But they are the party of Lincoln so they can't be racist.
[Orlando said the movie is about his son looking for his father]
That's crazy talk.
No awaken no gz...
Same here man haha
Here, I ran down to the shops and bought this just for your sake:
Hmm, that's not what the news and political subs told me.
I'm sure Zia is pleased.
Get a job stop dreaming and live in the real world you commie socialist marijuana terrorist.
Because if you are against police brutality you are obviously in support of murdering cops.
Except SmashG0D
r/thathappened smh dude.
sorry, forgot to include
Ulol niyo mga Belgians tandaan niyo yung ginawa niyo sa Congo Free State mga walang-hiya kayo.
I knew Trotsky was an american ambassador
no pls just dont.
What does you not having a job have to do with anything?
Drone of peace to bring him a gift basket and thank him for making the government more transparent and accountable... why you guys so negative?
Vertical video though...
DAE hate Amerika?
Sure it does, haven't you seen House.
But Russia...
There's way too many people there.
just because he's south american doesnt make him an alien
Razor blades are cheap.
Pole dancers.
the election results
ye to get the lightning staff you have to do every easter egg on the same acc bo1-bo3 after that every time you spawn into a map you spawn with the lightning staff and full mr6 ammo.
Isn't posting to reddit and coming back to read replies soooo much easier than googling?
Without Karma you're just some nobody ^
"Did you guys remember to pack the hot sauce?"
Mom?
Aww you've already put the stars on it to suit Mango's preferences, how thoughtful
The early models were bad, but the late war panthers were reliable!
To add to that, France's president is literally called "French Holland"
True, but imagine the sheer usefulness of having a tiny quadcopter with you, all the time, plus a power bank..
You don't understand, those are POLITE russian bombs.
Same
And because we respect him as a leader and know he can win comps
Oh boy I can't wait for another character to be available to fight against in AI games
Could have been a socket though
Holy shit, I never thought of this.
Are you saying you DON'T want 3 1/2 minutes of Mrs Wayne's blood spattered pearls dropping to the noirish, slightly damp and dreary streets of Gotham, to you know, invoke the angst and anguish that follows Batman for the rest of his life?
I like how they all jumped to defend their brothers and sisters in arms
Look man, a blond, pretty American girl is always innocent
I'm sure this will get the attention it deserves.
I've heard they're going to announce Kevin Harvick to the 5 car this week
Answers that then... unless Nolan is also a host..... Inception West World?
Yeah, those preflight checklists will never catch on.
In America that is the same thing
I think there was a misunderstanding, since I didn't mention savings accounts.
i played a public match of shadows and on round 14 i had 28 revives... that was the night i started drinking bleach to help me sleep
[](/rflutterjerk) Maybe you should stop being so stupid and moronic.
It's gif.
That's not funny Sincerely, a former AMD user
That has to be the reason
Oh grandpa
Why, yes you may...would you mind signing this disclaimer first, in case it gets down-voted and people think it was something I said...i wouldn't want to get sued....isn't this romantic?
No one knows who these Vikings players are, they need exposure!
*the derivative of e^x is eeeeeeeeeeeeee^x*
It's not the fact that you got a wellness exam that makes you a whore; it is the fact that you bleed for a week and don't die that makes you a whore.
You forgot this
The definition of efficiency.
I thought it ended next year...
Please remember, as always, that this has nothing to do with Islam!
Should have added a
Oh hey lets rip off designs and use them as our own for profit.
thats sounds like the beginning of a domestic violence application right there .....
Did u guys know we don't have a blocking tight end or a fullback?
He becomes a backup with a dashing smile.
Your pocket doesn't refine oil?
Oh, this is gonna be good.
Low key he was in the trap throwing benjamins at her in the gentlemen's club so he knows what's good.
So 8.woof GHz right?
Because the point of weddings is all about that guy and his family rather than the people GETTING MARRIED.
man you must be the coolest kid in your school
Nah fam this is art.
Well it's probably older than most of his fanbase
TIL
But why doesn't he get banned immediately?
Black coffee matters?
you missed the
Nah dude eu are absolute shit and at no point in any games at world thus far have they done anything remotely good, they should lose all of their seeds and have to compete at the IWC.
And this is how debt is created ladies and gentlemen
Because OP is a game designing company
You seem like a pleasant person.
riiiight... we believe you
yea just look at what they were wearing, they were practically asking for it.
It's actually SimCity #sorrynotsorry
Dude, the Simpsons stole that from Odd Future!
No clearly it's the gun registry.
God, Pairs is sounding less and less like a cool place to visit, and more like a war zone.
I want more pokemon in my D&amp;D not more D&amp;D in my pokemon
downvoted cuz m0e
But all those wins over Michigan!
I say it only counts if you're shooting from the blacks and the total yardage is 7400+
Don't worry, they will balance it properly
Fresh Install of Windows 10
Naw man, windows can only be seen thru, not like I've ever seen outside a window and seen my own reflection.
Nah,he's in the movie but he didn't film anything
But it's the left's idea this time guys, that means it's 110% right!
I like how you conveniently omit the fact that West played maybe the two worst run defenses in football back to back weeks.
Thats what you want us to think
Thank god treaties are never broken.
Of course not... I would absolutely never do a thru hike again
They didn't confirm my biases so they are obviously biased.
6 stolen bases and 1 total run, showing how useless steals actually are.
~~Why would I care if he's at Eglin?~~ Fuck, forgot the copypasta was usually Eglin AFB
Oh yeah, I'm sure they'd be way better off if Romney had been elected
Eggs are good for you now!
nah
Pearl is Smoky Quartz CONFIRMED!
Reported for satanic worship.
But folks like Putin will treat him fairly and not be bias at all
Yeah, how dare they not be experts already
Well this disproves the NAMBLA allegations, he is an equal opportunity predator.
What a dipshit.
No SMS fallback, DOA
Idris dock confirmed!
I'm glad you enjoyed it!
Scum is such a terrible word though.
I think the better solution is for the states to unlock their electoral votes so the winner of the district gets the vote and the winner of the stayes popular vote gets the 2 extra ones.
at least he's not a two pump chimp
But real "big boys" with small apartments keep theirs in the bathroom.
BOORING
You are definitely at the higher end.
Refining his Spanish skills
Well I guess none of my American tanks will be able to cross...
He just has to keep blowing up SpaceX rockets and he's good.
Maybe he just needs to have an elite QB for him to be the great coach everyone says he is...
hurricane trump is on its way to hit america
Fool me chicken stew with rice?
I forgot the
How come no one has mentioned how much easier it is to spot stealth with locked camera off?
hey whats up guys its scarce here its been a real slow news day might have to do a double upload cya later peace (added)
If Americans think it's stupid then everyone should.
I could do an internet search for "why you think so so much"
i cant believe they haven't stopped this virus yet, I had to put my hard drive in the microwave to fix it
It's a seed, in case you are transgendered but don't have a tree in the backyard yet.
That looks so dangerous lol
Vegans only care about animal suffering, not human, so no glove required
That'll teach him
But you only have a 5% chance of staying there.
Racism is funny!
Git gud
Clearly you are very against spending time replying to comments that you don't need to reply to, so this argument makes a lot of sense.
You forgot the
Always drop the
Would you rather have a cunt talking to you in your head?
So if they named the gtx 1080 to "game raper 1337" it would perform better obviously
YOU ALSO DIDN'T GET NOSE CANCER, SO ALL'S WELL THAT ENDS WELL!
Knowing Americans, it would have to speak English and love Jesus.
Yeah, I mean look what happened to Britton last night ... oh wait, they forgot to use him
You'd be surprised at the long intellectual tradition and widely varying schools of thought on clowning
parent
Campaign of insults!
Every time I think they've sunk as low as they can they go and prove me wrong.
But WP isn't dead
Will trade 2 c3 crates for crimson
You should buy a bigger home
r/hiddenmickeys
Your sister looks thrilled.
Good point.
Everytime Pence defended Trump, you mean
Hey, it could also be a legitimate job like door knocking
Hamilton bias
yes only muslims, blacks and mexicans are facing racism, Whites and asians dont face it.
Guys this is so fucking fun!
Can't give out nuts, kids could be allergic.
This kind of makes me want to organize a public meetup/ social experiment in the same vein as that strangers kiss for the first time experiment but with redditors and hugs instead
OMG Alex acted happy, she's done for!
(Mercy main btw) Xd
You guys sound like you have some *greeaaat* parents there
Penso manchi un
Forgot the
only true gamers will understand....
Good riddance eh
I'm sure the fights were fair and not fixed in anyway
His forehead is a moving billboard ffa
You wouldn't put a fat person in prison for making her child fat, it would be fat hate
Yeah auto posts on twitter have nothing to do with public relations.
Slowly bleeding out after killing a giant predatory beast
To be fair he did use his phone in a press conference
But wouldn't that be relevant if you were applying for another supermarket assistant (SA) role?
Well I'm gonna use 100 on a single boss
That'll show em!
The incredible amount of talent behind the movie proves that it will be bad
CORN ON THE COB..... CORN ON THE KABOB!
Brady is way better then rodgers he hasnt missed a pass all year and has zero picks
yeah just the disabled ones
Thanks for Correcting the Record, shill.
this thread is new and exciting!
Being an uppity peasant in front of his noble master.
It's just one pin-connector, I guess it might be a shitty battery or the sensor isn't working
You can't enable console in console kappa no kappa
It's obvious
Finally, the bankers catch a break!
because there is only one version of Islam, just like they're only one version of Christianity.
Why the fuck didn't they do it?
Did you start building this in 2014?
My thoughts exactly.
tomorrow is the MTG thing, the weekend is going to be my brother's b-day party, and its just SO fun having all his friends over.
At least the US has a great, well respected leader in place to handle the situation.
My Galaxy S7 can do VR, must be as powerful as a PC
Can't tell if shitpost
No thanks, don't deal with them darn niggers.
Call the code violation part of your city.
This cultural appropriation is getting out of HAND.
You're a fountain of wisdom dude, you should write a book.
JUSTIN BIEBER LOL
A furniture mart in Nebraska, duh.
I hear it's like that, just without the lube.
Cut the tip of a tube of caulking WAY back, and caulk the fuck out of it.
Downvoted.
Thanks for the useful info.
can i get that with olives and pickles though?
We need more people like Jamal, need to thank that guy for being a catalyst of change
What, you're telling me we aren't playing golf?
You mean 'Grammer'?
The reason is obvious, we work slower because we are focused on rainbows, unicorns, and that dreamy neighbor boy that is allowed to go to school while we finish our chores.
I don't watch the press conferences, I am too busy shopping for my next Rolex.
"6 hours free time" but how much is wasted commuting, going grocery shopping, cooking, etc.
"what if there was a shooter and I wasn't armed"
This woman must be great!
Not even in town...
But regexes are scary
Hypocrite
But we all just made up the stuff that Sean said in recorded videos
Unnecessary apostrophe nazi checking in
Well sometimes you need to experiment to ensure your model works...
I take offense to *you* pointing this out
The Jews
Heil Trump
We always mention how many jobs are created but we never mention how many have been lost?
Nilait mo pa talaga yung babae?
You mean "Mansplained" her the right way to fight discrimination!
Animal brutality is funny.
It's all a big conspiracy to keep Kap down, man.
And this deserves a 7 day ban for spam :P
They could hack the postal truck containing the mail in ballots changing its gps to deliver them to a fake sorting depot where they could switch the votes before posting them again.
So cute how they switch pronouns when they come over here
The Kyrie IIs are dece.
Because it didn't have [OC] in title...
Wait, their character alignments have changed, Albus used to be Chaotic Neutral, but now he's Neutral Evil.
Is this real
Trump was actually saying "Grab Them By the Party"
Cause we are racist obviously.
Yeah, but she has male Twitter follows, so she's okay
Disclaimer:
But the majority of the post was based off of the flaw you pointed out.
yeah, im definitely a troll because i think people's rights should be more important than corpes' rights
If there is not a court order for support, yes, he is allowed to do this
Yes, I'm sure if tape of Hillary saying "grab her by the pussy" and other such things comes out the media will just ignore it.
6 to midnight
To be fair, the fact that it also had a bajillion broken artifacts and Tolarian Academy had a bigger effect on the playability of enchantments than printing [[Reverent Silence]] did.
she's not a ten
Illegal move he's over the white line
Thought she already did.
Who would have thought, Hollywood working with the globalists
That's what they said in gen 4 and gen 5
This is because they have nothing of value since they have kids, not the babyproofing.
Wow a rare moment of vac actually working...
That'll show him!
Wrong sub brah
How dare you!
Wonder who they are voting for?
Yup and The Xmas special is about a man who helps a guy find love, helps a lonely woman make toast, and helps a sad man get over his holiday blues
how crazy do you have to be to become a background dancer?
I'm expected her to be run over by the car, and I am disappointed by the fact that she didn't get run over by the car
I bet these guys have huge dicks
But im not a lawyer, so why the fuck should i understand nuance and meaning in peoples actions?
Business as usual for the officials then
Forg1ven's jhin reminds me of Weixiao in season 2.
Jack is the best democrat since Lincoln
I think we won
Apparently that fosters a great community
...and sometimes they have an iphone 7
oh ok then that totally erases the problem of trump being a slimebag rapist
Jeez, Josh hasn't even debuted yet.
You missed the
Hah, read that as multi level fails
Kuro isn't even top 20 at worlds though
you dropped this:
Yeah because I'd much rather lose a ranked game then be called a name
wow this is incredibly interesting
Wow, reported because 2 sp00ky 4 me
No power in Berwick south either
He forgot the
It must be all those video games she's playing.
your friends are gonna die
Home coming*
neck too short 0/10
That's what our trust funds are for
Because we all know everything automatically changes and resets when the calendar starts again.
I read a comment on the original post that said a guy added treble fish hooks to his signs and two guys ended up in the ER with the fish hooks lodged in their hands
Well if ur not trading painted exotics I'll take a snakeskin for them
In Europe WP had almost surpassed iOS before Microsoft stopped making phones.
But what about the USA!
The Stormer is great
No.
You dropped this
best team in the history of all the wild card teams, including EU and NA wild card teams?
what fans?
I think we're onto something!
Give Brother Trump a break!
Sweet green Mario costume.
I do not care how much i contribute to the abuse of anything, i am a perfect godlike human being, worship me mortal
If he was a REAL progressive like me he would be protesting against the genocide of whites!
Erotic literature is the same thing as consent to sex, everyone knows that!
Stop logic abusing please, its a really dick way to answer reddit threads.
added you, my ign = Luesid
But we're close to each other, that means we're bitter rivals
wer da
What's cringy about using natural disasters to wheel girls?
!lewd
If they did then they wouldn't be immortal, would they?
Add skill to your black hole, have it go nl, Sair, dl, dair, repeat!
they could probably prevent this if they slow down and make the Note 6 before going to the Note 7...
Yeah you can see how stressed out he is
Yeah, life's totally been better with the parade of Fitzpatrick/Hoyer/Osweiler
Does lobbing 5 Grenades over 3 seconds count as tactics :D
Not many people know about that Chinese conspiracy
Yeah but if your SS is on cool down and there's a Genji that just popped his ult and you see no way out, you may as well stall in hopes that SS will reset.
Oh sweet a salt joke, I never get tired of these!
Two of the best centers in the game dueling it out
So theoretically it would be a good phone if you flash a custom ROM?
Yeah, based on the "choices", Kanye West looks appealing.
#'MURICA
Fucking heretics obviously
It screws the people that actually live here, but how else are we supposed showcase the city
I mean if we're talking about great top laners, you can't forget about Expect and Parang
nice no recoil hax
All hail Dictator Trump
But we already did when we elected King Obama!
Yep, we can definitively say that ANX is better than C9 even though they weren't in the same group and both showed shaky games
Yea the FBI is really objective and nothing corrupt happened....
I always find it impressive how cats can jump higher than their body length.
Sadly this does not narrow it down
3/5 or gtfo
Nothing matters anymore because he already said it once.
Republicans **love** him, don't you know?
No, I'm sure nobody in almost the year the game has been out has manged to clear Quincy yet.
Brother just had a wide stance, that's all.
yup they totally will do that that's how the average undecided voter prepares for the election: by playing back debates the whole month, to remember the exact answers of the candidates.
In een rij gaan staan aub, iedereen mag mij een keer aanraken.
browsing reddit and ignoring my growing number of responsibilities like I do every day
Yeah why wouldn't you pay for heating when you're always on the move?
Sounds like someone needs to grab her by the pussy.
That's the MSM trying to suppress Trump.
Hats
It's an easy mistake to make
It all makes sense now, this Conor got KO'ed in sparring is just to dodge his NSAC hearing.....
Guys I'm not sure if I should get a razer blackwidow rgb or a corsair k70 rgb.
Hey, thanks!
Her mum got a sex change?
Romo can't run that explains why Demarco Murry was the leading rusher in 2014
Oh, he just gave you another full game
Hmm, I haven't tested it since, but it happened maybe two out of the two times I played her the other day
Why would you reject it?
5'1" no problem
Yes, I'm sure being married to the most powerful person in the free world doesn't give her any power and privilege
I'm glad your abilities have grown since this because this is terrible.
A bitch with wifi?
Imagine if you bought a 60 fps TV instead?
No, but I have never been a fan of Labour and other political parties in local bodies.
Oh you must be in one of those -0.5ppr leagues!
48
47
Gurren Lagann, stopped watching after episode 4.
That's smart parenting.
go to a derm
Hilarious
Cuz I'm the nicest guy you'll ever meet and if you say no, that must mean you just go around banging all the asshole guys, obviously.
Wow you sound fun.
i forgot the
Some Jason Markk cleaner should help with getting that off.
Wat do ppl do wit all da time they wuld save?
this is far out man
46 before pet hehe
Gotta love having a uniform
You mean data discovery and profiling is actually important?
Yes, because living in section 8 housing is a lot better than living in a middle class neighborhood
I said PEOPLE.
Sarcasm carries really well over the internet, especially without any written indication of such.
After he sleeps off 8 years of bullshit, ohhhh boy.
Well, I was expecting a free rift with every new generation, but I guess I'll settle for paying from here on out.
Surprising, coming from Microsoft
Oh no, someone called an autistic person a retard, Better get offended and be a cunt about it.
I know, it's like they don't realize Filipinos can be both at the same time
I'm soooo shocked, who could have seen this coming
Internalized sexism
$AWK is one of the bigger ones
Upgrade to an iPhone 7 :)
Insightfull
yeah unlike Vi ult...
"No lol, we don't want players to have to look around the screen"
Look at number 19 on the list.
Dude this is animation
Yes, 14^th ... Top tier for sure
You need to be in JAIL.
Yay racism.
Wow, this game seems like a cool sequel to No Man's Sky!
Merica....
The absolute best c: Shame they didn't bring that ability over to Arc Titans in Destiny
For the Nazis it was 3 Generations of Aryans... might work as a guideline to succesfully classify someone as "black" or "non-black"
Yes let's share how to do it because then more people will learn how to do it and that makes 343 fix things faster!
These rhymes are as legit as anything I've heard on the radio
dead game
Every prefix in bytes are taken from the metric system.
Have you guys not heard that Gary Johnson is a wasted vote though?
If you're still having trouble, here's a [link](http://www.TheLasersEdge.etsy.com)
But you don't understand, they are willing to pay for dinner and younger and really good at sex according to themselves!
If we had stricter gun control maybe she wouldn't need the armed security?
Literally the devil with a heart full of hate
Haha that's what I've been telling people for the last few weeks
Dirk would be a better example
People started searching "what is a macedonia" on google.
Who's that guy
yeah, sc want you to Play this deck :D It's Missing the two huts...
You didn't enjoy that tiagra viewpoint where the bars are setup funkily?
A 20 minute clip would be astonishing.
Just tell them the mice are your pets
Yup, all Christians are oppressive and evil
I won 2 games and went from Challenger 1 to Grand Champion!
Rabble!
Well they are the only showmance, so why were they targeted?
Aren't we all?
Silly rabbit, obviously the rules don't apply to her!
youku uses flash :(
I for one can't wait to hear the concession speech.
Because everyone loved BB18.
Why would you even ask him that is good for 30k+ miles easily!
get outta here cejudo
Yeezus
maakt niet uit, was toch maar een drugsverslaafde
Add the
Get ready for some Uncle Sam 'murican democracy!
No, it's just you.
I mean, it was a bit of a shocker wasn't it
You fade to black as well
A headphone jack?
Thats right Trump supporters, go and vote November 28!
Well, its okay if *we* do it, we're not a bunch of filthy terrorists!
Yeah, fuck off people who have sympathy for refugee children languishing in abject squalor, total scum of the earth
Silly you, there is no such thing as female pedophiles, only women that obviously have their maternal hormone switched on
VS community edition runs fine on Linux... just load up VirtualBox and create a windows VM!
Did you read the title of this subreddit?
He earned the right to talk to female specimens as well, but they keep rejecting him, stupid whores.
In
Because Hillary and Donald are so much more competent than current leadership
Chin slider can't scale back far enough for an accurate representation
That's only a myth though...
Well yeah, he killed a "terra-ist"
I thought it was mandated
Well yeah, why do you think they chose the current Pope for the Church.....
:/
You obviously mean the one who committed a federal crime?
Sounds unbiased and well made
Because that's what we really need: more WWII games.
Just because you don't know how a car works, doesn't mean you can't listen to the merits of each brand, as explained by an expert.
And because the Portuguese were *real* pioneers in stopping the slave trade... Yeah, that's a massive
Hey now, that's only like... $2880/month for unlimited data!
I bet he doesn't even know how to throw a jab properly
great input.
lesbian?
it gives the owner of the defense system a false hope... Let's say the owner of a missile defense system decides to take the chance of striking the enemy first, we're talking thousands of warheads targeting enemy ICBM silos, mobile launchers, submarine pens, strategic bomber bases, etc... The owner of the missile defense system does this, because he is confident, that whatever enemy nukes survive the first strike and are launched back in retaliation - will be shot down by the missile defense system.
HAX FUCKING MONEY BABY
Because there were tons of black soldiers in the army of the German Empire
We're all thinking it right?
CrisGurney
It bothers me that Hart talks to his buddies off camera then the host
Get 4 more scrubs to play with you and ta da
If only cameras were still around to record things people said and did... That would be marvelous.
Well it isn't a SEC sub
Don't ask me, but would it be the first time when government is doing something against the will of voters, against everyone basically?
Ola is such a goofball and a halo legend.
Yeh he's really good and all but don't compare FORG1VENGRE with Smeb yet ... :^)
Like how you injured PM?
Such a large sample size for making generalizations...
Hell I was talking about Kotor 2
I sneak airplane bottles into football games.
The baby only recently started liking baths (he hated them before) and mostly just doesn't hate showers so it isn't always a relaxing bonding experience when he is involved.
I think this was sarcasm guys.
Yeah my first guess would be it's the US trying to find a way to take the internet down in the case of an emergency.
More manipulation from the leftist MSM!
Oh we are, but it's going to be different this time because we're doing the exact same thing we've been doing for two decades.
Shame on valve for having fun!
what you don't love that top down triangle thingy?
No I got these individually, took me a lot of tries x.x
He's called tony toe tap for a reason.
Because criminals don't deserve the same medical treatment as the rest.
Nah I just forgot my
The evil bankers stole billions and should be imprisoned though!
Sounds like something a Gemini would say.
I was once attacked by a group of Loyalists while walking my girlfriend home, fuck Protestants.
Yeah, My jeep *totally* could've pulled him out.
90% winrates vs a deck is insane too.
Oh great, I can't wait for flood of "actually Steven died in Bubbled and the rest of the series is him hallucinating as he starves to death" theories
He already has though, remember he viciously killed all those younglings
Well that's certainly a realistic endeavor.
they're always good kids.
The moon landing.
i can be a host.
In 20 years it will be a kid trying to figure out what a headphone jack is
I'm sure heads rolled after that.
NE run a system for system qb system
Don't tell anyone otherwise Adc mains will start to complain about how unfair her burst, infinite sustain and endless mobility is.
Just send them to australia... Its not like its the first time.
I hate you all
Well, you should put more effort into the game, you lazy piece of shit!
It's a magazine
But all the online polls said he won...
I thought team orders were banned?
Did you seriously make this account to make this comment?
We all know women aren't funny.
By the time you have these runes, you wouldn't even need to farm DB10
Right, Germany is one of the leading nations in solar power generation because of their excessive amount of sunlight.
Not until he has another.
Take off your pants...and jacket?
You forgot your
Wow, it really looks like the MSM attacks have dampened the public's enthusiasm
Try otterbox or spigen cases.
Naked except for the Glock taped to my back....just in case
Free drugs?
No, I have 12:10 over here.
I don't see why she gets cheered for winning all the time while Cena gets booed.
You forgot the
hey come on I also referenced the crazy hitchhiker of this year ad hominem... what the fuck does this mean... is it french?
It's one of the most prominent online board game stores...
No, I use a bad apiarist.
Might explode, be careful
Punk/hardcore, metal and hip hop Urban planning The West Wing Snl and the movies it has inspired Baseball Beer of all kinds Pizza Tattoos Motorcycles High-end denim ***bonus if you can guess my age by these interests
Nah, this deserves Gulag
So is grabbing girls by the pussy
'The slave who rebels and kills his/her master is as bad as the master for torturing them their whole life'
Goddamn, BLIZZ DOES NOT OWN THAT DOMAIN
damn he also plays AFL
That's why he rested on the 7th
Trump can retort by saying he identified as a woman that day.
What specialty...gonna put that and VI on mine
well LS has no clue what he's talking about obviously he is a dumb analyst
But doesn't just create more male privilege and empower the patriarchy?
18 years
Did you enjoy the 4 ferris wheels?
this guy locks fps to 144 what a fucking looser amaright?
What about for testing your RAM and hard drive to see if they are working properly?
Yooouu goott aa fuucckkinggg daarrtt inn youurr neeeckk
Stop being so mean to the child rapists and terrorists, guys!
Pre-rework yorick
I can describe the action in a line, therefore it only takes a line, right?
Cocoa is the trippiest
Yes because absolutely no black people live in Scotland
Flair checks out.
All that expensive Razer gear.. if you could only somehow afford a better monitor instead
The fact that his computer is on an old version of OSX tells me he is very serious.
Isn't obvious i'm a r1 spammer just for liking a straight sword
She might have sneezed earlier today, clearly it's pneumonia.
I was actually talking about the facial expression of the boy in the back, forgot to mention that...
Ooh, I like "pupper" but can't STAND "doggo".
What is that, a cricket team or something?
Cuz that's what Pixar animators have a lot of....spare time.
who doesn't want beef stroganoff pull apart bread?
Thanks for the help
Yeah, this guy sounds totally credible
Nicely put!
*scraggy
But....but.....but the vegan brunch choices are so good!
Unless you're a mind-famous mind-billionaire
k
Yeah but can jet fuel mixed with the mind control agent contrails are made of melt steel beams?
Oooh, the SCANDAL!
Reminds me to the water temple in Ocarina of Time.
GET THIS TO THE TOP BOYS
They should just google it
I've never seen it before, must be one-ilm punch
Nice try, Lou Ferrigno
All paid Polynesian accounts.
Yep, as we've seen in C9 vs SSG, this scenario is likely to happen.
You the age old saying "guilty until proven innocent"
wow im shocked
Did you just disassemble some Beats headphones?
sorry i forgot the
I'm not a scholar so I can't say
Wonder why your post was removed?
When glenn beck is the voice of reason for the GOP...... what a time to be alive.
People know what's important...
This guy wants to give Glaz a pre alpha Pulse heartbeat sensor built into his scope yet thinks increasing his damage drop off is too OP Kappa
Did you just assume my gender?
Yeah, because people want to be poor and dependent on others
Jack's not biased for Boston
Yeah but if you don't think we can literally eradicate fossil fuels in one day then you're a corporate fascist.
Because it's only men voting for Trump.
When I found out they were all in the KKK...
Too new to believe it's cultural imperialism apparently
I have a 270X and those are my initials, i'll see you in court.
BEST CASE SCENARIO...*YOU'RE MOLESTED*
You are correct as far as I can tell.
What are you talking about the cannon needs a nerf.
Clearly a cuck who is paid by the global conspiracy...
Stop stealing old 4chan memes
To each their own
Yes, because this person most definitely represents everyone in San Diego.
Yeah, we can fix that, can't we Flanders?
obviously, you're not allowed to have friends or you'll inevitable fall for them
Wuhu Island but as a UI for the NX.
Sarcasm doesn't exist unless you use
Sorry, I had to :'(
Tums though?
Don't forget the horrifying leftist media.
But then it's the wind's fault
Clock
Is "omelette" a euphemism for vagina?
Have you ever just felt like you were going to have a stroke and when you did it will be really bad?
But then we can't get our clickbait buzzfeed videos anymore :(
But...maybe one of his relatives died?
This isn't his skin being thin this is him showing he has power!
I haven't seen this posted yet.
it's right there!
Actually I got it yesterday before the Tribe Game, but the loss was more painful today
Love me some single player only MMO
This just in, grouping up with randoms for xp is bad; this needs a nerf
Unless Rhaegar stepped into the role of Mance with a glamour and Ser Arthur Dayne did the same with the halfhand
She is you fuck, that shit is cancerous.
But is he elite?
Just get a sex change; they will instantly accept you and everyone will be happy
Found the Slows shill
It's that arnie mask that queen posted about...
You forgot the
But LoL is infinitely replay-able
screw it YEP YEP YEP NO GUTS NO GLORY
Am I the only one who thinks its super fishy when someone is in a relationship and they chat their ex on kik?
Since having to show ID in the US is considered racist now, they might have.
What a reasonable and measured response to somebody simply supposedly being incorrect.
Source pls
dear GOTT...not our lazersss
You look like a cartoon.
Feminist need to step their game up.
The clip from Family Guy comes to mind where she is supposed to do an accent but just says "most good" as whitebread as possible - I'd post it but the potato quality will just upset everyone
NA finally gets Baggi
Yes, back in my day we had paper
I feel like this could be used for a "expectation" "reality" type of meme.
What if you want improved blink and 2 grenades and 2 melees?
We don't call it racism we call it nationalism
This is a great post in your opinion*
But that's about 50% of the games at 11 wins
Why does the two-faced man look and sound exactly like PsychoDad or Jeff Ridgeway Sr?
Simp and mike could have won with 2 recruit bots
Little do you sheeple know, we're actually being opressed by aliens.
Yeah all those cosplayers are totally pissed off...
Fuck off you Dota players and go suck a cock.
Captain Atom?
Racist
On est pas en Chine, non plus...
I'm sure that Assange hasn't planned for anything like this.
Shh... that was all because of Miami coaching.
Yeah, I mean adults really only appreciate sex and ultraviolence.
Well since UK is no longer in EU there's not much reason to maintain the freedom of speech I guess.
I've discovered that doing this and swiping all the way across the screen to the right opens the last-opened app, while stopping your swipe in the middle of the screen leaves you in the switcher mode
I mean, with all the evidence that wikileaks has released to prove their claim, how could we ever be skeptic about them?
Nope nobody has let the devs know this whatsoever
Edited it for the
Seriously thanks for getting him fired
Because I can't afford Overwatch.
You could probably make a good buck sending it over to TechRax.
Thursday probably!
The Candy Cannon is a viable weapon too.
Boy, it's almost like price caps will industry...
Nah - here comes wacky conspiracy theories where a given email WAS A SECRET CODED MESSAGE FOR THE ILLUMINATI
some1 forgot the
Explains how the Cubs scored all those runs last night.
But those are men, so does it really matter?
Must be that one tweet where Krepo said Forgiven can be hypocrital sometimes.
Great ground game
seems he needed an
Can't wait to see Mane go ham against Blind.
You poor baby
Nope
Can't wait for the LFG posts asking for 395+ light in the fist 2 days after heroic drop
Where are the game codes?
Oh yes the most important feature of all.
Shillary supporter detected.
That sounds true, cause 24fps is the limit of human eye.
I wonder who uploaded the video
B-b-but Julio Jones hands to the face!
Lafd so hrad.
Political correctness can only ever be a good thing and racism is not a good thing.
Probably nova....
I love reading all the pro-preorder post comments, they are awesome.
Damn it feels nice to be a white guy!
Shillary did say she was going to create jobs
Good thing we know this since Leo's helming it, it won't get too preachy about environmentalism.
Back in the good old days of 2010 before everyone could take videos and upload it directly to social media sites.
Nintendo!
And if there's one thing Bernie has always cared about it's being popular among the political elite
Those banking speeches must've really pissed off Ecuador given how much of Goldman Sachs they control.
Hillary BAD!
Suuuuuuure... just like Trebek was joking.
Remember, Game companies only want to fuck you over for more money.
Another Clinton Shill just trying to make Trump supporters look dumb!
B..b..but he went to Harvard
Damn right, no celebration for the mandingos!
Thanks, I think I might have bought this one if it wasn't for your comment.
Man I wish I had some pictures from that event too
Maybe we should piss on Oscar Robertson's legacy and get rid of free agency then.
My top news sources: Euronews, BBC world, South Park, CNN International
Remember this post is three hours old; may have finally gotten the trending status since then.
Make Benelux Great Again!
But the other two are not scorch cannons so they can't possibly operate under the same mechanics
When was the last time you genuinely looked for updates?
How dare you imply that love can be between anyone but brother and sister
How dare you, this is a safe place
THIS IS **LITERALLY UNPLAYABLE** HOW WILL I REMEMBER THIS WHEN USING MY NOTIFIER?
So ROX?
We play as William.
And people still think Messi should win the Ballon D'or
Stay classy reddit, please make more whine posts
That would actually cost more... kickers don't come cheap.
I had edited my original post, as I meant Cowher - former steelers coach.
I'm sure that had a massive impact on his reputation..
Archer is clearly an amazing spy.
Here, you forgot this:
Specifically all the girls who friendzoned him.
bbb....but muh trade deals promised without foreigners
Using male or female pronouns might trigger people
They saw all the terrible things you people did to GTAV and didn't want the same thing to happen again
This is why I need feminism
4k/60fps
Wow, bombshell.
That's different, up north you need the body of a seal to endure the weather.
He dropped the
My team is holding me back
Fixing the fact you play on a console
Once you start encouraging people to use public transit then all of a sudden people want funding for public transit and we can't have that.
did anyone really doubt the word of Eddie?
The Bills always beat the Redskins in the Superbowl though!
I've even read about people saying *"Eating less takes too much time"* ...wat
Government corruption of the highest levels
Thats quite the trip if it's an away game.
Don't let something as silly as biology get in the way!
1960s or thereabouts, I believe?
Oh sorry I meant
I thought there was separation of church and state?
Calling freshly reworked champions broken, now thats what havent seen in reddit for a while
Yeah cops should just wait until one of them gets a bullet in the brain before reacting
Zephyr
Yeah as balanced as pre nerfs EC, Giant, Freeze, Poison, X-bow.
The NX is also a toaster.
Preeeeetty.
That sure takes some of the edge off what she did, doesn't it?
She's the 23rd hero.
Nah, it just means Ana was proud of her, now she's not.
you dropped this:
Do you vape now brah?
My name is Karan and I am not an anti-national.
Yeah, but there's no way that could happen, right?
relax... it's just a donation to the children of Qatar!
Yeah how dare we not want a rapist president!
Why pick up another team when we have OMOO
They are quick to fix bugs though like miner speed and inferno drag bugs
There's no news in Canada, so no need for an app.
Woah, this particular trail is beautiful!
I think you should relocate that joke
Chavo was on Jericho's podcast and talks about finding Eddie in the hotel bathroom.
Europeans have no culture.
Cant vote out a war hero.
A train did a sick burnout for 2 hours, can't you read?
Yeah and telling people who criticize you to eat their own shit is not over the top, like at all.
Noooo, ofc I know where she is, i am just trolling coz whole server didnt know it
It would be absolutely glorious.
Dear God please make this a reality and hire Jim Harbaugh as head coach.
When kid is bitch but all want do is travel.
A wizard did it.
But I thought GSP was now a relative unknown to all but the crustiest of MMA fans and the UFC was going have to spend millions to make this fight a moderate success...
How dare you assume their fitness level
Yeah, the DNC has totally been favoring HRC in the general as well, so it's clearly rigged for her
I just love when they're screaming at their mom not to come in their room without knocking.
RGB is *always* worth the effort
hmm... explains his orange glow and that hair i guess
What, you've never taken multiple shots of your dick to get the best angle and lighting?
I go where Kanye goes.
Google clearly realized the error of their ways and overnighted her a set.
Come on guys, he was probably charging his phone since he forgot his adapter.
And there probably still won't be any Gamora or Nebula toys because girl toys don't sell.
But the human eye can't see higher than 30 fps so it doesn't matter
Maybe stop being a garbage bitch and then he wouldn't have to message you like this.
Every politician is a closetpede they are just afraid of suicide by shotgun barbell
I for one really want an 80 year old US president
Wow so real!
Paul Marshall
Here, you dropped this:
yeah they are terrible!
What we need is a $15 minimum wage and everything else to stay the same
Jeffery Archer - Cometh The Hour With A Chainsaw
Yeah, that's why Aubamayang is such a bad player, always offside.
Plus, they'd all like "damm, I'd do that shit for free",
Nice Enderman farm!
Beautifully flaired
You obviously can't if you don't read the manga
So, since it's Google, it'll probably be square because otherwise it'd be too consistent.
But that's slut shaming to even say they should wear condoms!
Well he will change his actions and instead be Exposing Hillary's lies and corruption -
Sure sure, and the Government is going to claim Google's search algorithms under eminent domain.
They need thinkers like you in DARPA
I pay $7, valve gives me hats
Its just a coincidence bro, nothing to see here
Yes, c-sections are a crime against humanity.
ALmost like - every generation.
I'm down.
Donald is an illegal immigrant from Jamaica!
Oops I forgot the
It would if you didn't have any emotions for most or all of your life
Re-assigned to Mindanao.
yeah 6% nerf is huge and was not needed.
Oh well, time to go crank up Fox news and CNN for their balanced and unbiased reporting...
Why not just give the pregnant moms guns?
There is no such thing as a separate set of laws for citizens.
Abnormal amounts of roids?
Well, at least it is only his seperation at hindi nya dinadamay ang buong bansa
But he is speaking really loud, he must be right!
yes, once this non-tax paying billionaire with corporate interests comes into office.
If France says it's masculine, I support feminine :p
I thought he was just ok
Have to stop them godless commies somehow
HEHE LE AMERICANS R SO FAT AND FUCK THEIR DAUGHTERS HAHA
Good news guys, they got a good deal on some old Samsung Note 7 batteries.
You kidding, you know white dorks scoop up model quality Asians
Apparently, you should have had her sell lemonade on the roadside.
I guess this is one of the 4-5 Emperor tick OTK combo Ben Brode said it was fine to have in the game.
But AL baseball doesn't require any strategy.
And people say the NL has no offense...
It's gonna be embarrassing how much y'all hyped this game when you get Tennessee'd on Saturday.
I hope you forgot the
shhhh... stop being reasonable with people, you're just trying to censor the truth
Warsong gave minions with less than 3 attack charge, the frothings gained health from the Darkscale Healers (restore 2 health to all friendly characters)
What are you saying.. i love getting 2 stingers for killing hard bosses in dungeons that last 30 minutes
Remember guys it was only rigged against Bernie, we're idiots for thinking they would try the same bullshit twice
We could vote Hillary Clinton in and see if this sign changes.
oh... well that changes everything
It's probably the FBI.
TIL why the emulator is named "Dolphin"
You probably need those other 2 Dittos still man
So basically Nuketown?
Id be shocked if Nintendo cared about the tournament scene at all given their track record.
Immigrants, non-whites, they're all the same!
Boy he seems like a GREAT dad.
That means they'll keep it up to date with the latest tech, right?
Really well logically and statistically backed analysis, thanks for your valuable contribution.
Well meme'd.
Well, it is a rigged election...
I take it this is The Wee Baby Jesus?
Being dead.
NBN will fix it
So, Magma Rager, Ice Rager, and Core Rager?
For his 500 hz monitor obviously.
Maybe he lives in a 1st world country.
I wish my build could look like that.
They actually have Halloween peeps lol
There's that upcoming Metroid Prime: Federation Force.
Well... there my weekend plans.
You sure showed him
I should've put
America, once again "raping" the rest of the world's valuable resources...
Lol they both entertain me thoroughly
Well guys it looks like we found Amumu's Reddit account.
It's so terrible that I'm almost surprised the Liberals didn't go along with it.
Add another to the body count
I guess if I said I was a fan from the beginning you would have to believe me though
The only true God, the only real God, is the god of meat.
How many on the bridge?
You forgot the
Nah dude you're wrong,a Medic clearly needs to Refill that 3 arrows he has for his crossbow more then you do
By having a goal keeper
Breaking a record about winning a CS 1.6 major?
No, he scored 3 against United when he was with Arsenal, in 12 games I think.
Good thing you don't control everyone and their choices.
At gunpoint I guess
Texas Instruments?
No killfeed, literally unwatchable
Rebel scum!
This is now the second time of white reign
How do you even have internet?
Well she said "lol jk" at the end so that just fixes everything, right?
Idk, looks like a downgrade to me
And don't forget about Gordon!
They're testing out the internet off switch before the election results bring riots in the streets.
It actually made them smarter and better business people for not paying taxes..
Well, in those kinds of districts a lot of the voters will prefer the crazy Republican because compromise is evil.
Doing more than OK , im great now haha my wallet thinks its great too =P
The attackers were clearly paid by Marvel to damage Dc's publicity!
Everyone is a Christian, they just don't all yet know it
But think of all the crime coming into innocent little Vancouver!
I'm an engineer's engineer.
Ah, when you seen five of them, you've seen them all.
Leaf comes thru with the top-tier bantz!
Tell him you keep a handgun in your dresser and you'll be at work late tonight School shootings are funny, kekekek
MODS ARE BAD AND USING THEM MAKES YOU EVIL REEEEEEE
Lies made up by Satan, obviously!
*points to TV* "Yah babe, I did that" Gee, I wonder why it was sexual assault
Yes, we're the idiots.
so brave of you
I'm sure they're all inspired by Trump's positive message for women.
Rules as Written
Only GPS cords will do.
I can't do all three at the same time?
Did you just-
Both Urban Meyer and that Nick Saban have done some real good things with the little they have to work with....
No es solo como la Europa mexicana, sino la Europa del norte.
Yeah, providing more HIV/AIDS medication to people who need it and can't afford it sure would be awful
I'll bring the Whiskey.
Monte, Is that you?
They 100% didn't play it in Cleveland
The Almighty and All-knowing Kryssie speaks for America so it must be true.
You didn't feel dread when FF was announced?
Oh look, Bernie's childhood friend is back!
I am pretty sure the only other country with one is France
CS:GO
I thought roomscale was a gimmick?
You're right, I doubt there are any factual discussions on all of reddit.
Um it's called fashion....look it up.
Yes, but remember, it's *illegal* for you to read those stolen transcripts, so you're supposed to just believe whatever the media tells you about them.
Your right, vigor is trash no stamina builds should use it.
They're not Kirland, throw them all back
Until Russia has a reason I don't see them leaking that particular info
It was sarcasm, but I like to live dangerously and not use
Thanks for the advice man
2 edge 2 tomorrow
Nope never ever again.
Yeah because Daniyar and Mosquera won't be any competition for CJ.
Maybe they didn't want to get suicided.
racist mad man
Whos to say its actually Purple Guy?
BUT MUH FRESHMAN BIOLOGY CLASS
Jeez, stop being so dramatic!
It seems like he'll be able to dodge this sexual assault issue with suing.
But they're both Japanese!
Asking the real questions
Plus we can pay her 79% because she's a woman
Our receivers just need to run faster
You just can't see the other players if you're in the same place, that's all.
He forgot the
That's not possible, he's played 6 full games bro, we've seen enough to know he's better than the QB who holds basically every team passing record
Its like they want to make profit or something
She's Asian, that doesn't count.
By buying my reasonably priced signed Patrick Kane away jersey with 2010 scf patch.
Are you saying that people will be upvoted and downvoted instead of being rated by stars?
You have forgotten your
Obviously it's a chocolate lab so it's immune to chocolate.
He doesn't speak English though!
But then you are wasting your vote and betraying the democrazy!
Nope, but expect the pollsters to "mysteriously" die before the election.
WOAH SPOILERS BRO
The Great Gabby!
Just become a cop.
This tells me........ WE NEED THE WALL
Good thing all us plebs aren't smart enough to catch on to this unfathomably subtle strategy
Wondering how we're buying million dollar homes with part-time jobs
They said it was on campus so it was prolly a university so they prolly couldnt afford more the money they used was prolly the ramen money for that day
I can see this turning into a class action suit quickly.
It could be because their biggest gripe is teammates that die?
Shocking.
Damn u plot!
You forgot this
But it hasn't got gold, so it cannot possibly be a safe investment
Done
mine is july 4th 1776
shhhh if it's not TSM, no team deserve quarters
how about an all female crew with characters (and cast) hating each other, constantly stabbing each other in the back, and spreading gossip against each other.
I thought Dunsparce's defining trait was being worthless
he's inconspicuous bro, must be an INTJ
Too bad we won't be getting battleye, for all those damn TR hackers!
"Masterpiece of design" Can't hop.
You're so beautiful
Console peasantry.... REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Amateur, where's the VR?
Because all the good Christians are at church or something
We're only persecuting her because she's a woman
I hope the guy dressed in Red is black, otherwise he will get a lesson in cultural appropriation, wearing these dreads.
You're thinking of galois but he used a pistol
yea, well I think you're dumb
They're so progressive
Well, of course, Germans are pretty much all Nazis, inciuding Trump.
I really like Giannis/Lillard
Agreed
But they're both soooo anti-establishment.
Oh noooooooo
Stop being so oversensitive
Tweet EA cuz they're a really nice company and will 100% respond
You dropped this sir.
masked murdering marauders attacking the building of the civilian authorities, Police stations and Military barracks, yeah sure, very peaceful
Yeah it has nothing to do with history or being traditionally large trading nations
Isn't Alaska next to Hawaii?
Support the troops
Its not possible
Maybe he should build an open blog and let anyone contribute whatever they want, why check to make sure its authentic
Poland and Hungary can help with that constitution issue
She almost got her ass on the streets a few times tho lol She was just hot as hell
Well that's just them being greedy and corrupt Spaniards isn't
Careful there, unions are the devil don't you know?
Because you forgot the overload!
How did you make the wires out of wood?
1080TI to be the new name of AMD's midrange card.
What a horrible price to pay!
HE wouldn't show 6 bounces m8
This study brought to you by Tylenol PM.
Naah, they should put 'custom zombies' as CSS make up
I got Scott Vernon in my starter pack as well!
It's not about right or wrong opinions it's about having several options to chose from, it's about looking at things from several different points of view, it's about being objective.
Sane person?
Obviously you just think firebolts were worse because you main a Bladedancer HAZE
Totally right, proof : Jeff and Matt Hardy
Why did no armed citizens shoot him and stop it?
Because we haven't seen it yet.......
But you can't have a dominant o line with 4 TACKLES!
but finding a sharp tool is too haaaarrrrrrrddddddd......
Yeah, and that was a clear reflection of how bad Wilson was
7 Chewie shards.
Thank god they included Whyalla in there....
Yeah, you're right, no white people with guns who shot at cops are ever killed.
I guess Chen isn't the best role model for a kid.
Yeah because you can totally compare those countries with the U.S.
well NYT is unbiased
They could have found the "lividity evidence"
Gen 2 will come a month after tracker.
fratagonia.
Because he sounds like he has done his research and he's a youtuber.
But but but... Hillary has an enthusiasm gap!
Wow sounds like the power has gone to your head
I thought they were all bots
Doesn't matter, Trump said mean things
But what if they recognized your handwriting?
I think you'll find that was actually the referees fault
Stop attacking her and going off-topic you incompetent pathetic troll.
I do believe you need to reboot too... that's the only way to use the new kernel, as rasbian has no live kernel patching.
Especially since we all know the Pope is the antichrist
Yeah but they where the National Socialists therefore socialism therefore practically communist.
I'd love to level Laurie since I want to try out the Decisive Strike, but I will level michael cuz Play with your food teachable on nurse op
It's what I live for
But both parties are the same
Valve are such amateurs
Yeah, prior to Sandy he was hovering around 50-54%, a standard number for a relatively popular governor.
My bad for not putting
True, I had a Maxima that lasted to 180K before the trans started showing some slip, garbage cars.
If you wanted an award Mike, you don't have to wait til the end of the season.
And neither truck has a bed liner, because those simply don't exist in anyone's truck that actually uses it for work
Not all of us were born a psychopathy like you.
Yeah, how did we survive being so destroyed?
Wtf no Vesey?
Worked for the Dreamcast
Oh, good, at least Hillary Clinton will push back on this giant corporate merger...
I'm 25, get off my lawn
This account and source look legit.
This is why we're weak
Dude did you notice that some of the German troops are BROWN?
Yes, that happens all the time
Angus Mckenzie and the legion of superfriends is loving this set!
Good one.
You sound super fun.
He's the first black president you racist prick!
Which one, that against the Klingons?
You need to be romantic to 'win the prize', after that, who cares?
Ahh, nah you're just a whining men's rights advocate, man up
But H2K was easily one of the best 4 teams in the tournament!
I'm still confused how Tate and Kit are the same person!
Seems to be working well for them.
Check your privilege shitlord, you men can't be trusted to think from your position.
I really hate all the sarcasm in this thread!
They were just yoga and Chelsea's wedding
Sounds pretty gay to me.
No wideman dont score... who else is this sub gonna scapegoat.
Recon Artemis
Yeah, I mean, his penis didn't actually touch her, technically.
You're right and fuck all the single mothers and children that will go hungry in the mean time!
And for all that, you probably still only get about 4 iron ore per second.
Yey drama
Yeah fuck you and your sound logic!
# RABBLE RABBLE YOU AREN'T A REAL FAN GTFO
MAKE AMERICA WHITE AGAIN!
More importantly, the muh fucka continues to throw shade at Singler and OKC
Morals
Only thing I can figure is the subtle idea that "both are bad for your health," cause that's certainly solid logic.
What's a headphone jack?
It's just locker room talk!
Did you just assume their genders?
Or on Reddit!
Wow, I've never seen this joke before
I didn't know that every single girl thought so.
They could have at least not give them a flag that looks like a logo for a toy.
thanks for letting me know... I was wondering if you were happy to be back or not.
He could have had her if he really wanted her.
Metabattle says "Human Female" is a meta pick all day every day.
###RACIST NAZI FROG
Woaaah, then I'm even more lucky because I have 23 of those.
You mean to tell me you ordered two different copies of a card that's not even been released in the tcg yet sneak peak or otherwise and your wondering why it hasn't shown up........baffling
Why not just throw away logic and reason to embrace the wonder that is Faith in Him!
Yes
Because the moon landing has been fake, doh.
Evidence
yeah but they were the greatest 18 mins of all time
Indoctrination, man!
God damn.
No, don't you know,the game is dead and the vast majority of players have quit or are quitting.
Just take Zeratuls charging ult problem solved!
You should get that checked out.
*Peoples'*
I have 3 legacy SMG too and agree with others that even the LVOA from the BoO right now is a better all around choice.
He's already creating jobs!
Yeah because Kings would be so down to trade their star for 3 more bench players
Interestingly, Rob Smedly ordered Massa to let Alonso through, now Rob Smedley followed Massa back to Williams XD
You are now on a list
Can't wait to drive to San Jose or some random location San Diego that stopped looking inhabited three exits ago.
And lying about it
Good thing Mafia made it into Summit instead of Ice, huh?
Practicing for real life huh?
Yeah he's quitting, just fill in your log in information in the description of the left stream to find out
but but it`s for FREE, and they made the tower nice, for FREE
I named my grey baby Soot (and his orange brother Cinder)
Maybe he's still waiting
Well then I suppose she was trying to hide the nuclear launch codes, might as well just give up and vote Trump
Cuz a marketing video is going to show the part where you wait for a 40 GB update.
This is RACIST, how dare such a post be allowed
Dratini is pretty scary too, why didn't they include it in the event?
Can we add all items into one ring so I can punch 99s and never have to wear anything ever again
What about a pen that can erase cancer using some kind of advanced radiation/wormhole technology ?
Nuke is t-sided do you know the basics of cs
What's a phallus lol that shit looks like a dick
LS engines are bred to be fighting engines and should be illegal.
Public meetings are fun.
Rubio putting together another brilliant shooting performance.
Is the tire brake light a common failure?
Hey does anyone know where Bobby is from?
Source?
Hold the button for two seconds then, "english mode"
What's the problem, he left almost a whole meter of space for the pedestrians to cross in front of him
because they all look the same.
The person who's always been there for you someone you might not even realize until its too late...
Because most of them are obviously defilers of actual marriage.
Are people wildlife?
We agreed the pokeball looks much better than big balls master ball, they didn't exactly say they respected it but I could toooootally tell they did from their look of confusion at my marvellous pokeballed legendaries and pride there of
I throw the whole roll away
Who the fuck is this guy?
You obviously didnt watch the game though
....But look at the fruits man.
I absolutely love shaming those silly non-voters!
The government does stuff
I bet his low grade thermal paste just wasn't sticky enough.
Well Talon doesnt care about getting crushed in Lane, he gets anyways
Maybe someone should send a copy to Comey....?
Plus it's nice in that it helps the game end, which for casual commander players can be very helpful since no one wants to attack each other, leading to several hour long games for no other reason than "politics"
Hey now, I liked my Idol 3 5.5" until they disabled band 12 on it and it became a paperweight... Thanks T-mobile!
Yes, but we shouldn't role out the possibility that either one of them was a body double or a hologram
Yea that is exactly why the shops exist
Reading the replies here, I think to myself "Once again, the rest of the baseball world forgets about the White Sox"
Lets get Torts back so we can burn out our players for the playoffs!
Im only a lvl 12, but would love to finally join a tribe.. 63577914DE
Nah, Charles Xavier's...
Its not like we share common heritage and cultural values!
The bitcoins are being farmed!
A vote for no one is a vote for Trump!
This isn't sombra.
great, he'd hand it off to Pence, that'd make everything better.
Hilldawg is hogging it all.
Wasn't that scripted?
If you go to the new tab it shows every subreddit, I think they tried to change the algorithm again and our HIGH ENERGY was too much!
Well in their defense the previous price hike was 500 days ago
Civ 6 diplomacy is so much better than civ 5's!
I wonder who that could be :o Hoping for a Water-type, maybe even a Steel-type
But but but they have a beard so they are hipsters!
This is clearly the most logical conclusion
yeah and George Zimmerman was a crazy gun toting racist "white" man right?
Review it, thats a flagrant.
you're telling me those are why it isn't working?
Well, maybe you shouldn't have been such a crybaby
I wonder who funds those mosques.
But i need more fire extinguishers
PCGAMER has the best articles ever
But the Rambo look is cool!
But just because things are different than they were before doesn't mean they've changed, right?
It'd be a damn shame if all them dead folks came back to life to vote
I pay 6 dollars per day in illinois great thing the government built me roads
..................... survival of the fittest?
Star Trek Enterprise!
Aw, come on, everyone loves Skip Bayless!
Iron City forever!
The caps must fit on empty bottles only obvs
They're all out to destroy Halloween!
Can confirm
This is what happens when you let dudes marry dudes.
You should tell her you aren't into Tigers anymore.
needs an
He only got praise because the guy who shared it on Facebook pointed out the racial bias DUH
Better be shitlord
Ahh, yes, Brazil and EU mentality, sorry.
I dunno man, Trump was featured on a Method Man album
That's how much **courage** costs these days
How is t_d responding to this?
Shouldn't have voted for him then
Costa isn't much of an upgrade to Costa considering they're both in good form, I'd upgrade someone else.
Don't even start with these ships...
Tatar, I really want Laine.
Hurr durr we luv Drumpf!
I smell a collab mixtape
I have Windows on a 120gb (with 3DMark installed) and I have 53gb remaining
Exit Interview dropped... Spoiler alert... PK isn't a chawdawg
you cannot unfortunately
The one to start Schwarbs in that game in Arizona.
If I want to rape myself, I have to not want to rape myself, and then I would not rape myself, even though I do want to rape myself, which can only be accomplished through my lack of desire to do so.
Shamefur dispray
Jordon for Israel, Oman for Saudi Arabia.
No they don't, and that's the problem.
seriously stop.
no
Platypus lactate even though they have no nipples.
Don't do drugs, do me.
See: Bo Pelini
Stupid post, even if
Long before phones.
I guess Moncrief really is hurt.
Not to mention the Republican promises to find Hillary guilty of lying about her emails and lock her up!
Aren't the money makers the true patriots, the Stock Market should definitely open with the National Anthem or be forbidden from any money making event.
How could people even consider this to be anything but
Man, the new pokemon go update has some serious graphic changes.
Does that mean Jim Bob Cooter would take over?
She mostly licked my turd cutter.
I love Simba but I'd like to petition to have the second Simmons replaced with Crawford.
I was expecting Malcolm Turnbull to become an investor in Day's companies.
Oh, you can get shinies on Poke Pelago?
You don't need to be a doctor to know that when you're dehydrated, you should probably re-hydrate.
mario and moutinho are discard price, pepe is slightly over 30k, sanches is 6.5k and you can get quaresma + nani for under 5k, not too expensive, pepe costs more than everyone else combined though
I just googled that now, wtf EA basically lied to everyone about his stats considering there was no futhead or the like back then
I'm getting attacked by partisans, so I'm sure as hell going to defend myself.
*hits blunt* bruh
U mad, bruh?
But.. she is the "progressive candidate"!
That's why she is on Hillary's campaign...
Fire them all!
I personally enjoy them, but I know they got a lot of hate on here around the time of ZNS, especially when invisible ones spawned haha
Denk
Lol
fuck cnn and its hillary thumping bullshit.
But they nailed Vicki to the cross like Jesus so that has to count for something
I will sulk if the lose to a team playing their backup QB.
When I played COD 4/WaW I felt like I was in Black Hawk Down and Saving Private Ryan.
That wasn't his question.
Same but it's fixed itself.
The fact that they have Logan of all things as 235 OW is the icing on the cake.
You are correct, you can ALWAYS "tell" what the left is doing becuase they will ALWAYS accuse Conservatives off it.
Alot of Aussies are dcing on a regular basis the past few days.
Okay
Paint might harm the rooster.
You get taken out to a cabin in the woods and your "friends" destroy your electronics you Reddit on.
I believe Vision will die and Strange will be the one who goes after Thanos' gauntlet
threatening devs because a perk isn't working... wow
Imagine if Kanye removes Cudi from TLOP with another album edit?
That's the joke
hit me up if you want to talk about it
Blood rain
God willing!
Hope he is extradited to Russia!
Actually I'm not from Arizona I just knew a little bit of their history and looked up some of the rest so I could present them the facts.
Oh yeah how could I forget about Hjalmarsson being in the waiting list for an alternate captain position.
You need to edit the "wall" one out of your copypasta.
1571104 Not at the moment, no
*abrazos*
They probably say Hillary was the 19th 9/11 hijacker Or at least that's what I'll just assume and never follow up on
I can assure you that there are poor people that are American.
You're making the claim, you provide the evidence!
Apparently the three window limit includes the killer climbing through the window; I didn't know that when I made that post
Pun intended.
I'm already bored.
excuse me
Skinny and long duo.
I don't get it.
Accept that your nation is doomed, and give it a merciful ending by setting off the Yellowstone supervolcano.
It really isn't worth watching.
Thank you!
I think recent standard attendance has been quite low relative to normal, prompting this panic decision and WotC heel-face turning on rotation.
He's pretty fucking good and very exciting to watch.
Jay Cutler is an elite QB.
More than likely they are confusing flash bang grenades with concussion grenades.
are you complaining about my complaining about J00sties complaining about the op's complainging about the people complaining about comp capers complaining ebcause they lost their cape?
Zeke and Crowell definitely.
Sounds like Sym will still have her niche, but will now actually dominate it and will have versatility outside of it.
k son
Maybe they donated to Trump or something?
Humans are a fine species, aren't they?
Already traded sorry.
Where did you get your controller?
MAN IT'S SO HARD NOT TO ACT RECKLESS
Polls wouldn't change from May by election day?
Finally got paid, now I need shade and a vacay
That a no?
omg the Cowboys are so fucked
Only by user error.
You must be fun at parties.
But machamp is fine.
Well you deserve to lose that game :/
Can I please get one of these wonderful restaurants in Atlanta?
Or Florida or NC or Ohio Lotta states could end his path by 9:01 EST
Did you fucking report the duty constable or what?
Mmm... gaseous Iodine... Take a big lungful of that...
Did I tell y'all how I hated Justin the second I met him?
Why are so many people carrying things?
You are technically correct
\#AllThingsContainMatter
Had a bomb hidden in a tyre before.
#prayforharambe
lol i was gonna say NYCC planning.
I have few friends that are flaming almost every game that's going wrong, worst thing they got so far was chat restriction.
Cause winning one game with them isn't enough to become their friend.
So what happens when it comes out they the Echo does indeed record everything you say?
There was a *lot* when I was there.
Don't be an asshole
He said yesterday that he hoped he couldn't attend because it would be funnier that way.
Maybe we should just stick with nerf darts.
Too crazy even for the_dunderpate
She could admire it, just not touch it.
Source?
not caring about ethics in game journalism shame on you
Plain old radio
Sorry babe.
*looks at this sink* Literally unplayable.
Or the reason people didn't commit suicide.
Okie Dokie
I haven't seen a lot of freaking out more just: "Wow, that really skinny benched quarterback that still hasn't recovered from his last injury sure is an asshole for trying to get attention during the national anthem, why hasn't he been fired yet?"
Fat Lever at 6'3" with 9.3 rpg
Mo
The Trump conservative laughs and waves as he hurtles past in the trump train.
It's about being healthy.
I'm firing mah lazor!
The Supreme Court ruling on Arizona's congressional redistricting might be precedent.
It emits less CO2 than gasoline but the NOx and particulate matter are the problem
I got a giggle out of this one
the wall needs to be taller
KU was in
I wonder what they're on.
You have a more noble cause then gruntex.. the reason that I thought you would've been banned is that you defended gruntex, as he was releasing hacks to people who could cause lasting damage to a server.
I never forget the alchemist that just falls down and die because his elixir of super acrobatig runs out before he hits the ground.
Not me
Looking at the demographics of France it is probably wise to take that line, especially if you are dealing with a lot of people in an enclosed space.
My guess too and they are such a paranoid lot.
Most people would rather see less money go into the pockets of multinationals through tax breaks and sweeteners.
10 buck chuck!
I'm not sure which fan base you are trying to piss off
not playing enough
Stand in fire = DPS higher
Yea cool, but the arduino-space is kind of fucked up right now :\
It's normal.
I guess now we like that southern belle Lindsey graham.
Nineteen-dickity-two Now if you'll excuse me, that cloud over there looks suspicious.
Aren't all Philosophers "armchair Philosophers"?
R4C with acog, vertical grip and muzzle break.
Yeah but the fact that he has such a great chance of killing someone before he dies makes him a great addition to the team if you have enough breach-ability already.
Greek civilization, Egyptian civilization, etc.. BC.
Yeah he got a pink one for his son when he wanted a blue one.
Return it
if there is any excess can the employee keep it ?
Let's see if you still think that once you're older.
Aw what the fuck is there a replay on later or what
One might argue society has invested a lot of money in raising you to driving-age, so your loss now that you've finally reached a productive age would be a detriment to the country.
~~cadaver~~ perpetually blackout drunk roommate include
Cool, I need to get one of those.
I'm invaded by the Kongo
He's trying to get the highscore
Well now you have to show us your satanic decorations, just to get a little perspective
In a fair situation at mid-long range with two equally skilled players, the one with M4/AK will always win tho
Well, that'll teach you what neutrality gets you.
"Heart shaped"
Because he doesn't know how to read.
Takes two sentences to accuse the EPA of communist sympathies....
I can only hope.
smh Sunderland fans downvoting everyone here...
-1001 win streak and 1001 hours
All upgrades (wargear, support systems, etc) are paid for unless on the unit as standard or explicitly stated to be free
Buy Pokemon Go stuff :P
OMG WOW you're team is soooooo good!
He typed it in the all chat.
Same with Spirit guard Udyr, the animations on that skin are sooo smooth compared to his base skin that I actually play Udyr better with that skin.
Its worse if anything... Insta deaths.
oh, those aren't RGB riings they are just red riings.
B&amp;!
What a casul
If by rudyard kipling.
I imagine Russell Crowe would be fairly difficult to travel with.
It might not be available outside of Australia, but Nuttelex with Coconut Oil is palm oil free.
I posted in another reply just how incredibly unlikely it is for a police officer to get killed at a traffic stop, there is 0 reason they need a gun for it.
Depends on how much money they have and how old they are.
'member the olympics?
And then you can move onto 'Billions and Billions'.
You could be popped just for looking at that pic
National, tackling all the real issues head on
And Happy Cake Day
Tonight, on The Bitchelor.
that's because its meth
What exactly are you asking.
Some men just hate supportive actions.
Hummm, I still wonder about Brendan claiming SA told him early morning of 10/31/05, that TH were visiting that day!
ascending to god-tier usually involves self-sacrificing who the heck would murder the mayor
ok, Zowie PR rep
I'll definitely be trying this
Yeah I was using Google's voice recognition on my phone... it backfired.
Now imagine how many k's you could push with just half that many frames!
R/unexpectedhogwarts
yea... bottom tier viable!
I mean, that's what locks are for.
Chances are the contract with SpaceX says that they are only liable for the cost of services provided.
r/itsthecurrentyear
Child here; they opened the book and picked the first name.
Almost as much as Odie!
easier to keep a list of those that don't...
actually the states weren't founded by puritans, rather the reverse if anything, they just got big at some point and no one has told them to stfu
The shadows would be on the northeast bank of the formation if it were a depression, as at area would be shaded by the walls while the southwest bank would be in direct sunlight.
Sure give Anthony Davis
How do you do fellow misandrists?
Imagine whirled peas...
The market value of dicks would plunge overnight.
Clinton was actually considering to take him out using a drone strike.
400 lb TROLL...lOLOLOLOLOL
me too thanks
Yeah...don't do hairpin legs because other people don't like the aesthetic of the piece of furniture that is going to exist in your own house.
At some level international relations increase our capacity for trade
e
Fuck i knew that
I think it is mostly a European/russian thing to use beet sugar but you'd have to google, as I am at the making things up level of do not now:) soz.
This is because of some div being 100vw wide and getting pushed by the body's 8px margin
I should have added the
I think he's being a little
The $1.4m figure wasn't the value of a soldier's life, it was how much the army will spend on him/her.
And the video unraveling the Myrcella plot.
fuck I thought that was a mirror.
Vettel has had better cars all of his career.
PS3 limitations, obvs.
Maybe have it set over the course of multiple Halloweens so we get sort of a overview of Batman's life while dealing with the current ongoing case.
Didn't we sweep them in the regular season that year though?
But this is just more proof that China is nervous that Trump has exposed their Global Warming lie
D+D=T What time travels may never die
people are going to stream the shit out of this.
do you get a notification when its shipped?
That's what the upcoming brawl will be for I imagine
I'm sure those cookies were made from soy broth, and the packaging comes from sustainable kelp mulch.
He is making 6 mil a year right now and hasn't had a big year, so doubt it.
Being funnier.
lol, pathetic
I am not voting Donald Trump for President but^I^wish^I^could^Australia^51st^state^when?
I'd rather tell my kid to save thier money on something important then have them blow it on stupid things
And just yesterday, there was a thread asking about that the first DCEU box set would contain lol
This is the real vote rigging
WE'VE
Wow crazy respect for the pilots for managing to fly so close together without crashing.
It automated some of her processes, which were her deformed children.
I'm just trying to stay hip with the kids these days
Don't they by the law established by the constitution supposed to be involved...
40 vs 40 usually causes a pretty big dip in fps but nothing horrible, maybe around 20fps.
Youtub**e**
If you are good, you can knock them towards your arcane orb relatively easily.
among my friends with PSVR, this is one of their most used applications (playing normal ps games on a virtual screen)
ya....Life is fine, its just pigeon holed into two handed weapons with a single ultra rare chest with no sockets, no res and fire damage ( because the hole wasn't small enough).
Jesus Christ it's President Bourne!
Well if thats the case why is there no option E where it says: the graph is nonsense
Well not if they're a redhead.
Teleported to an ARCHER dragging a godwall, insta'd my 6/8 wizard
Probably going to get downvoted for no reason, but, skeleton keys are supposed to be rare, I personally enjoy the skeleton key droprate, instead of my 10th foster cloak or another treads upon stars, we can choose which strike to get stuff.
Refresh of XPS 15 is going to be pretty good.
Let's just say that's how we get ourselves gender studies programs.
Fucking ridiculous how many fetishes are crammed into that season compared to others.
***they are desperate people.. you are watching a dying animal lash out a few last times***
Title is perfect she is square like a refrigerator
Yeah the ideology there is super bizarre.
I'd believe she got 2 million more ***VOTA's***
How is that racist?
And to you!
Heh boob bird.
Well, if you want you can give some of them to me, so I can share your pain!
Why Nezha?
The ones fighting the actual terrorists in ISIS?
Heinous act against humanity... Well that depends now doesn't it?
#MakeDiegoCapitano
That voting for a third party candidate would work.
He just said in this video that he finished the campaign.
You must be from Alabama ...
It was dumb, but chill dude
Speakers usually have openings that are smaller than that, as seen on the 3DS and gamepad.
All very noble but how does this actually address the 11 million+ illegals currently living here?
I bet you're the fucking life of the party, aren't you?
Let me call Phil real quick
Turn that cunt in.
Aren't them true anyways?
More like big hands and long arms with injuries, or an injury history (especially if it's a torn acl).
In your situation I'd cut him out of my life but make it very clear that it's because he's a harassing piece of shit.
but, tactically speaking, the Chelsea of that game and the Chelsea since that game are two different animals
Johnny Cash is still alive?
I would bet on Sage too but subbing Gall seems like a (needlessly) longer bet.
It's wierd there's a red 1 on my messages but no update
Nah, he was next to the reporter in the glass box in full public view.
This post needs a Fedora photo attached to it
doot doot
Guess you haven't heard Malaysian or Filipino English.
liveleak vimeo vidmax
9k is the highest i've gotten, but i've only gotten 5 stars in 1 on 1 regular matches
Zenyata ftw.
Nah, it wasn't curved.
Go mutra
Stance always has and always will be shit
because russia is evil
Second
Im not an engineer, but when I program something Im happier when its finished rather than when its not.
In the political establishment, they call this "prep".
Sounds like Russia is being aggressive.
Nice to see common sense prevail for a change in one of these.
That gave me a mental image of him eating products and them 'passing through' before being funded XD
Get uBlock Origin, my friend
The vehicle doesn't need to be parked to have contents stolen from it.
Double sheen on Q is actually reasonable to remove tbh
Let us not forget the rape jokes and accusations of rape towards one of the creators.
What would improve it?
Wow, excelent job!
This isn't an argument
I suspect that it will be all three.
they also cucked rogue
that's a warehouse.....
The schools involved here have *plenty* of funding, to the point that they're well above the per-student national average.
Maybe he did and that's why he threw so many ducks.
i agree
Sprint was giving them away for free if you bought something like a Galaxy S5 when I got them, and I have like three now.
spicy meme u got there, dank thank (u better say ur welc)
The guy clearly likes the camera.
IT'S SPACE COP!
One of them is a guy.
It's ok babe I got this
D#:F:D:C amirite
The saw the metadata on Weiners computer that confirmed the existence of emails..... can't wait until it's part of the deleted batch / bleach bit batch so you hacks will stfu.
What color photons?
You can assign blue states to him too, you know.
Needs more stilt walkers.
Or some are near your age
I bet he's going to continue to vote after he dies, and it'll be as a democrat!
Can you imagine how the state of the union speeches would go?
However, after the first debate, Taliban released a statement saying he didn't seem like a serious candidate.
Get a rack full of maths
I AM HUGH MUNGUS
Fuck twitter, how can you trust a company that is primarily owned by the Saudis?
No, the bastard gave me pulled pork and ran.
But Exxon still lets you fill up at their stations right?
I'm sure he won't accept any Trump administration legislation unleashing his States fracking concerns
But that atuo bailout, though
It should, but as firearms are more common and effective infantry arms from before the revolutionary war to present, they get the most attention.
Oh yeah Trump loves my username
~~movie~~ hobby
Please explain to me the complexity of the emotion this gives you?
The best manaless champs that aren't Yasuo/Riven right are Renekton, Tryndamere, and Rumble.
Sitting on Twitter all day and getting fed news stories by the Clinton campaign is *at least* as important
takumi rxt for lighting wheels *edit I got aviator certified devil horns I can add in
Don't take everything so seriously.
You can have him back anytime.
4 NUMBERS MAYBE.
Sorry I kept tweaking my answer :/
Yeah, that's about the extent of the problems I've heard of too.
Brewing potions that raise your Intelligence so you can brew better potions that raise your Intelligence, etc.
No, out of Texas and Oklahoma.
Bernie has pushed for something similar to a VAT tax, which is extremely different, and most of the rest of world already has them.
Lol, still trying to point to the brigaded online polls?
Gave Stewart and Hopkins for Brown after Stewart had back to back 20+ point games
Reminds me of when Plax would do the same thing haha
Never said it wasn't Rodgers fault
But you can't buy it separately from the new Space COD.
How are they doing it?
Thanks!
Which just means more is badly designed and they should feel bad.
You mean like he was going to build a big glorious huge wall?
point taken, but i was sure I read OP's post 5x and didn't notice his explicit use of the word 'hyperbole'
Went to the mall for lunch and there was a pretty solid line out the store.
To be fair to him, Chance has a song with the hook "Na na na na na na" repeated.
She was a terrible candidate.
Will be first trillionaire by the time Trump is out of office
Assolutamente d'accordo
I've heard Lineker and Owen finish all their chances.
!tradethread
We should be building nuclear reactors in massive numbers.
The high level artifacts from skeleton keys are blue.
Have sex?
This girl I was sleeping with before I was diagnosed with cancer asked me if it was contagious and if she should get checked like it was an STD or something.
i know, with my comment i meant that there are only namekians in u6 and u7
A minifride, maybe and upgrade to my GPU/potatoe
It's difficult to see, but.... look carefully at the board.
Usually part of the barrel.
Bohemian Rhapsody
Nah it's obv for the karma
That's not a question of illegal or not, but of respect and basic safety rules.
Nshadow huh.
I like turtles.
True dat lol, he's at home right now flipping a shit about the refs too
He's a white dude, it's all good.
Ya, nothing says balls like taking away a citizens civil liberties.
I can't believe Cleveland hasn't won a game with 33% of their allotted capspace available.
No Sausage Party?
If the church actually let you smoke it up, temple attendance would skyrocket.
The feng shui is all wrong.
I think the issue is that a without this rule, a ref could call a travel while a player is still dribbling.
Ohio has been pretty red this year.
If you listen to Sean Hannity, your respect for him will vanish.
Sent
Olivia will crit you for zero damage
put a rubber ring over the end of the downstem
Main character anyways
Because literally only those three can surpass her legacy ever...
Idk, perhaps something to do with motherboard, maybe interference between USB and Ethernet?
Gingers aren't real people...
No gainz for you
your last statement could apply to many things.
That's why we're all CTR shills, because money, otherwise we hate her.
Are you aware that men have a hormonal cycle that affect their mood?
Nothing tinfoil about it.
Wardens quest are everywhere, not just that zone.
did they... even wait for the cake to cool...?
Smith never clicked for me
Lot's of actors and comedians choose to do commercials because they provide a more consistent paycheck than taking gigs does.
On next your "9/11" i will act the same.
Wasn't 100 years ago the time of mass industrialization?
I can get solid 90fps on a 10 year old vista brick... maybe something isnt adding up in yer setup, also some pc's/laptops might be good but just dont want to work, it will get improved later on with optimizations :3
Or helping her father get from his wheelchair to his desk.
Win trading?
God I love that WC2 orc theme music
oh LOL
Any specific recommendation of Ducky products?
Official glove supplier of Donald Trump.
Looks like a dingo
Complete and total guesswork here: they show the S42 footage and then have a ships of S42 sale.
It's quality of life I'm worried about.
Brings up the "delete cell" prompt.
but they are a far better protector of free speech then corporations
I wonder if that Dash is compatible?
Probably shadow of Mordor.
Goldspiral isn't bad either.
I don't think folks took too kindly to those frothing, racist rants
Pc
u can kill diva as she is calling mech, before she climbs in
She is probably way past goats to be where she is now.
Interesting, why is he making reference to wet work at all?
Actually classical
But... it's still alive
At least we can both agree on that.
#WEW
They already don't really campaign anywhere except swing states.
I THOUGHT THE VIKES GRABBED BRADFORD THO?
But it's good sad
"Hey man... I'm white"
Eveyone get a load of Tough McToughguy over here
You're funny.
Confirmed for shitty.
The funny thing about Hillary is that people like her a *lot* better when she's already got the job.
lemon stealing whore
As long as marijuana is illegal in my state, and I'm surrounded by drunken rednecks, I shall not grant equal status to alcohol alongside the great marijuana.
_The Republican Nominee of the party_
easily ghosts, bo3 the worst snd.
And once he did, it was burning hot gas that he inhaled, torching his insides, sealing his fate.
Lava Balloon Clone
More important question, if Mo retires, who the hell is our backup PG?
Hell yeah, this is the part where we keep mentioning win rates like they're the prime way of measuring just how OP a champion is.
I picked my belly button once and it smelled like I shit myself.
Its still a good item just because the damage is nice if the user is in your face (lissandra always is) and the dash helps you reposition
Mike "suck a cock get a shock" Pence
The evidence isn't stacking in your favor
ugh diamond head ones are just creepy loking
Didn't they see that movie?
and you just know they are going to say properly trained canvassers is just another piece of evidence on how its rigged
Sounds like you already lost.
~~because she's from a dead game~~
ops.
Because they get questions like this all the time.
Well, I found out how fast things change when I was a child, so I never really swore by anything.
"could've
The article also addresses this.
Why would you assume that an alien civilization would construct something that even remotely looks like anything that a human thought of?
Because the amount of special cards EA releases is getting absurd and annoying.
Yeah, as long as there is a newline after the actual image and as the last line it should work
I preordered standard edition on PS4.
Ahh.. leveling stealth archer build
The answer really depends on if you're wearing a cup or not
Macklin you son of a bitch
so uh to the movies or a fancy resturaunt?
out-of-body-experience
You have wronged the community and must right this wrong by asking for a refund
Dangerous to be right, when the government is wrong.
Unless you're gay or a woman.
My dad always makes this lame joke about how we have to offer sacrifices to the instagram god before every meal.
because they have no sense of humor....that's why.
best elise world
Is he all frowny faced cause they shot the poor wannabe-murderer?
Bipper looks a bit too alive, considering Bill was going to make him commit suicide via jumping off the watertower if he destroyed the journal.
Concordo, non sarei riuscito a fare da passeggero.
Where was this filmed?
I wish for a thousand wishes
I suppose so did the French.
Darn, foiled again by capitalism swine.
Girls attempt to manipulate guys *everywhere*
BOLD MOVE COTTON
Forgive my ignorance, but can someone link me to some information on Bannon's anti-semetism?
DUDE
Meh, it's better than the gifts I've gotten the last few years.
Like a cute baby dinosaur
Did you just imply only a certain gender can like women in 2016?
Just take the blue pill man
yeah but this is america so shutup cuck xD
Believe what?
The stored crit is mostly about hitting those long range 1% headshots.
As someone who wants transparency and a center ground to call out both sides on their bullshit, it's tough finding reputable sources when everyone has an agenda and people who give them money to report on what they want.
And everything nice
Why do we have to have any of them?
Nope!
Discover the true cost of childcare, you will!
They're only worth like $30, so I'll take them.
Because they happen to have bought into the Buy Gold shit peddled by Rush and Hannity.
Black Friday Matters
Hackers ruining the game!
Yeah isn't calling them "health beverages" a biasing influence?
TROYMAINE POPE
that was a fit dude nobody wants to be dragged along by a crazy person to their deaths
If NYC hosts, they will play in front of a crowd smaller than NYC-B did in the NPSL 2015 Final, by 16,000 people.
I'm like a Kinsey 6, but I'm pretty sure that's not how it works.
He asks as he takes a creep shot and posts it on the internet...
We brought Ferrothorn into the Gen VI metagame
I found I could do a ton of weight for tricep push downs and I'd feel it kinda hard, but I cut the weight by 50% and really focused on form and ROM and feel it a lot better.
THAT ONE NIGHT!
Can I get one too?
$100 from Swagbucks in my highest earning beermoney month ever
Sounds like someone simply doesn't wanna do their homework.
you should laugh and call them soon to be unemployed in return
Damn, since I don't buy it I didn't even realize they pulled the age statement.
Run man and user someone besides the guy covering the RB
Screamingggg
Those savages, truly they did not know of non-combat boots, clothing that ranges from aptly sized to entirely too small, the ability to carry money along with various cards with you in your pocket using a myriad of devices, And to top it all off our icosahedral devices display numbers in a very specific pattern.
I don't know, I don't think the MAC shapes up as well next to the MWC or the AAC.
or he never plays party ranked.
13
Bro, your comment is maf racist.
Probably Crowder in non PPR
Plus the territory of Prussia outside the Confederation, right?
If you're in Indy it's probably for the best, PG13 aside.
lol.
you mean "freedom fighter"
It's GOTTA be tongue in cheek
Go Team Black Spy!
"That sky is grey" FTFY
Now I need to replay portal 2 to find those things
Other M had some bad bad game play
Two seconds can do a lot, huh.
Kasich, the bullet dodger... cuz he dodges bullets Avi...
i wish though
Eight eighth notes in 9/8 is eight beats, not four.
Shh... he was just about to bust!
Oh gotcha.
When he is, it would be good if he was prepared via briefs...
They're like upside down.
They were big but I loved them, tbh.
Yeah but IWC had way better performance than NA this year tho
PC market was around 1/4 of Xb1 and 1/10 of PS4
It feels so bad ;(
Mendes looks exactly the same under and before USADA.
Another repost of this one?
The fact that we're solid red suppresses blue turnout...if it was close, maybe they could motivate people to the polls.
Doyle Rules.
Last year of high school (dutch version of hs), answer will probably be "not trying to get to know/ask out that one super cute girl" once I'm out of here I'm not for the life of me going to approach someone who probably doesn't even know about my existence
CoreJJ did great stuff as a 2 month support player with a 17 year old rookie, really looking forward to how they will perform next split
damn sometimes I think about disabling this sub's theme because it is just a pain....
You mean there's a country named after the sweaters?
Ezra LeRant
and idk what stunk more, his jock or that last Baez AB
Why, then, Sir, I shall use Lefteousness too!
oh boy
Oh god no, and put up with the constant whining you would do?
Such a beta.
-crosses fingers-
I mean they were all dunks.....
That's even worse lmao
Damn, I live in Indy and never fly anywhere.
Maybe the owner as well
Pardon me.
one hour photo - just a lonely guy minding a photo machine and bagging them at the end
They have the IQ of a toddler.
The reason we can't find other people in the same stage of grief is because there's too many of us and it's hard on the servers.
Yet they freak out over the "*Black Lives Matter*" but don't make them into a hate group (Domestic Terrorism).
How did you not blow your load :|
Although I personally would hate playing like that I really like your setup
Nice mousepad you have there on the left!
38000 points oh my god
I don't think anyone else would realize you vomited in your sleep either.
I appreciate the drawing
Right back at you, buddy
He also can't read.
This is the equivalent of a girl wearing a miniskirt and a bra to the mall, and raging because she got male attention.
Thank you Blizzard for giving 16tick servers for competitive game.
Use less and badger those around you to do the same.
We have the best strip clubs
The real joke is in the comments
But we play in yellow..
I don't have a clue but Josh is doing a pretty good Cam'ron impersonation.
Mehdi will be all over
P
The joke is that the iPhone 7 doesn't have an audio jack.
I think he was referring to the movie for which she won an [AVN Award]
That's what incognito mode is for.
"Otherness," as if "Okay Okay, maybe he was born here but he is still not quite white"
I'd eat em.
but the question is does he know whether you'll take A or B?
This is just how I feel when I play SMITE.
I assume after the wheel kick from JDS
Pretty sure Tupac is still alive...
"You fucked up."
Exactly, just some BS made up by those who romanticize knights and the Middle Ages.
That turned dark really suddenly
It has been over 27 minutes, what do you expect him to be?
Goddamn fucking science getting in the way of our noble police and their tireless pursuit of justice.
Everyone knows that the cops are only interested in protecting our kids from illegal drugs.
disease
Karma and funny things happen sometimes
smart can pass school intelligent, can solve problems
I'm guessing she thought it was in the bag so she didn't write one.
S
Research has extra wide bike paths that run down both sides the road.
Visual glitch.
Make the league great again!
Thomas the Tram
The scroll wheel in DP is so useless, but I remember having so much fun spinning it like a random roulette.
I'm sure they will in the future once the current ones become less valued
Omg, I just read this comment and then called my SoS to change my vote from Hillary to Trump.
it looks like Chinese
The cheapest or smallest one Not a lot of space for big gaming mice when I travel
Yeah a little lacking in production values but well constructed themes.
You did a really good job making this
Fuck him, he's a piece of shit
Well, Johnson's skate being in the air over the Blue line is the only reason it happened, thank the NHL they made this offside challenge available to catch egregious illegal plays like that
I just don't have a lot of faith in Whitney or Shelby pulling it out tbh
Yeah... I got gauntlets and legs, I needed those as well and they dropped at 400 so all I need is a chest piece
Probably that guy on the left
I hope Ian Gomes never leaves.
When I eat cheddar cheese my cheeks get this weird tingly feeling and it feels like they start sweating.
It's hard to move around quickly with all those chemicals weighing down your blood.
I'll bet if Uncle Sam's Misguided Children had their way, there would be very few bees.
No, but I don't think it should be given more funding than it already has.
because i foolishly hold out hope that the devs will get their shit together
Wtf is this comment even mean.
Godsent or Hellraisers get a major spot :( FeelsBadMan
It's a good guy upvote.
Your future.
It's funny and messed up at the same time.
I never underestimate the power of people to load up their computer with so much crap that there's 8GB of memory alone being eaten by background processes.
Dont care ill take it
Feels bad man.
Because he's only lost 3 games in 2 years.
I hate this more from hippies and "spiritual" people.
Wasn't there a big case about something like this over the last couple of years?
Back at it again with his 1xmiss ending chokes
If I'm late it's usually out of spite
Mildly irritated or questioning loaf?
As someone who lives somewhere that's hot and humid all the time ^^^^most ^^^^of ^^^^the ^^^^time, I'd love to go somewhere cold as shit that has awesome French food.
Raleigh finally gets something!
Someone find Mr.Pence a safe space!
Scott's secrit plays!
I claim to have a 12 inch dick, doesn't mean it is true.
more like mushroom, since they grow on shit
Is boo a vowel?
I slept for two days and had a Gucci gut upon waking up.
TIL
Yes.
Can I see images for each individual wheel?
Considering I had no idea who Med'an was I am not really disappointed and i've been playing wow 6 months after it was released.
The number of people who *should* ride a motorcycle is much smaller than the number of people who have a *motorcycle license*
Bo' Rai Cho: "Sorry."
are you a fed jinx or a feeding jinx
i just looked at these graphics... oh my gosh how long has it been since i was 8 this looked a lot better when i was 8.
preparing my dry cyanescens for ingestion
black africans sold black africans into slavery, guess they only have themselves to blame
i sorta only use corded because i don't like having to charge things
it should also take the steam approach and require you to actually own the game
It doesn't seem soon enough, like I'd already be turning into that lane by the time I hear the pipes.
rip im 4
I'm almost certain it's season 9, but either 8 or 9 is missing Scully, Mulder, or both for significant portions and they introduced Doggett and some other lady and it was far less engaging.
Pretty sure DONATORS is the most appropriate answer.
I knew I shouldn't have trusted that engineer when they said they modified my SCBs with Samsung batteries!
Blames Muslims for the things terrorists do.
Ref cam is the best thing to happen to hockey since hockey sticks
BEST GAME EVER
If you have a link for this product (the card), hook it up with a link!
It's the vacs man, they're turning our children into monsters!
Ohh shit you stole the words right out of my mouth.
Yup Pau would've went to Houston.
your average overwatch player
The Bubbleman are super, and without the Secret E-Call it would be $26 total.
83/84 overall, I get matched up with teams with multiple legends, no gronk or Julio yet tho.
I hate Unity because if a game uses it, I know I will run it like shit
Gospel tract
For what its worth there's a Women's Rights National Park in Seneca Falls, NY
the texture just reminds me of human skin when the tortillas are warm, weird me out whether it's corn or flour it's soft and spongey which is odd to me
It's multiple dashes actually.
We must fight for the proletariat!
So the article, which is titled in a way to suggest they were talking about Chelsea as an individual and not one decision she made, is intentionally misleading.
He's only 63, is he sick?
JEFF JESUS
doot doot
Its been chopped for some time now
Everyone is if you believe all the propaganda!
Not against Kestrel and when Celeste is open.
Get those kids with the dildos, STAT!
Yeah it was a poster :(
#NO BRAKES
Danielle is an idiot.
Thanks :) Just trying to get through best I can
Care to name a few?
I'll never not laugh at reddit defending toxicity as someone just trying to win.
Im sorry, did I miss something?
#THE VERY BEST, THAT I CAN ASSURE YOU!
Just a lil somethin show you how we live
The mayor may have a bit more information than Trump.
Riverside County, lol
Peak American.
probably went bust
And its still a device that does not respect my freedom.
The world keeps on turning?
Dont forget Polaris is in the PS4 Pro and the Macbook Pro, this will help a lot.
race you to the drop
Really helps to drive home the reminder of how alone I am
pretty much.
"From my point of view, the Jedi are evil!"
it definitely has an added impact but i think he was just busy with his tour
Freedom of speech is not equal to freedom of consequences.
strong correlation to woof and bark bark but what about arf needs more testing
It was in DBZ video games before Dokkan
Except he's literally a 20 year old grown man
Yep, this is definitely Berner territory.
Courage the cowardly dog And Harry Potter now I love it though
It's daft punk
This sounds so long and insanely boring.
They helped the british in the Falklands/Malvinas war.
This would have been a better title
He's also probably the only NFL player to be the secondary income earner in the family
And then this year the winner didn't even manage to lead the final lap!
You are acting like a child by the way
you can upvote both
It looks like they are facing different ways.
lol man you shouldn't take me seriously my comments are always dumb
Don't forget that bombshell that's about to release today.
It is the same bullshit profiling that fuels race division and political correctness.
Alex Jones fully is the guy who yells at chipotle employees to speak English, right?
Dark matter + X Devil for Chakrams and 2 c1s?
You mean Barret Jackman of the Preds, right?
that's if people are interested :P
I love your posts and whatnot tuna but... Stop with this
Ummmm, you took a photo of your phone's screen?
killer pack
There's enough Puerto Ricans that don't want to be a state for it to not be up for debate.
And Clinton was not at all itching for war right?
Then they canned her for leaking questions but kept Wolf for the same stunt.
Fuck a Hulu.
Who cares there are plenty of Americans that would like those jobs.
When isn't there D2 playoff controversy
Yes
Okay
You know, I haven't seen anyone on the left complain about Crowley.
So say we all.
"You're making XXX and YYY fallacies" "Your methods are flawed" "You're using anti-mormon sources" "You must have a problem with porn"
Kony 2012
Well considering the HEAD OF CTR employs the guy in this video, I would say so!
Theyre certain times when fs 4 mobs is fine i usually do and my aoe skyrockets
N
Bloody Carlton we'll be here all night.
Updoot.
Dying is no laughing matter.
The "Death Star" is actually a "Planetary Ore Extractor", the rumours that it is a superweapon designed to crush all who oppose the Empire are just Rebel propaganda.
How drunk are we talkin?
Lol
To learn who rules over you, find out who you can't criticize.
Did he commit 'suicide' yet?
It's all part of the Greater Israel Plan - bought and paid for by American tax dollars and young soldiers' lives.
=)
Is it weird the when I saw Grodd my first thought was "Why did he add Harambe"?
Yes.
Bell and Telus (Virgin, Koodo) share a network, Rogers (Fido) has their own, just go with whoever has the best price/bonuses for your needs as they'll all try and screw you equally :)
:/ He thought he could escape the Carlyle, but he didn't realize Randy hangs around our rink when he's out of work stalking players
I would say its unlikely, there is probably electronics inside that control the screens and wouldn't be able to handle 4k.
Nice.
No only the whores dislike it.
Maling is old school man, Gulong is where it's at
As soon as i get the design to a close to finished state I'll start making variations for layouts and boards.
Mercys pistol does a surprising amount of damage!
Shut yer damn mouth boy, I ain't tryin to hear the other side of the story!
Oh hello Nep, didn't know you changed your username
you forgot
Is it a good Idea to Microwave This?
This'll really help secure the undecided no racist vote for trump
comedy gimmick+mask=recipe for success!
I agree but the mentality tends to be different for some reason.
i clap for you sir
"You're still a loser"
Or a very confused Sylar
Ayo!
The SCOTUS was the real win.
Of course, that helps us rebound at an elite level!
If it was longer recovery you guys could of done what we did in 2015 with Kane out and load up on talent due to the opened cap room then have a beef up an already solid playoff team that would only get better when he returns
Yeah, I was just wondering why I kept getting placed with higher mmr people.
Wallpaper?
That's not a big fluff, that's a woofer.
Conor isn't fighting more at WW in a long ass time, possibly ever
It's even more annoying when you're trying to have sex while high.
So, Star Trek TNG?
Basically he didn't talk at first because he was upset, but then couldn't bring himself to talk to her after that out of sheer embarrassment and awkwardness.
I mean these are NBA players so let's not pretend you wouldn't fall for it either.
The comma in that question
Not pictured: they both wear jeans stolen from the World Trade Center.
To be fair: Niantic?
Rohulk | Function Phantom - Algebra [Incomputable] +HDHR FC | (99.42%) #1 | 337 pp
Doesn't trump want to put an end to this?
**German** - Complete a module every two days (Menschen A1) - Watch "Blickpunkt" every day (BRF) - Vocabulary (Anki)
Cool pics!
When's the cross over suppose to be?
Yes I realise that.
He can't answer now, we all know how Harambe and three year olds turns out...
Kek
I miss David Foster Wallace.
I had never heard about it until today, tbh.
\#blessed fans
Ugh, another one of those privileged white sluts who are corporate zombies and don't acknowledge a simple conversation with the male species.
Does the basement counts as a part of the house?
The one with a huge dong.
I often do it by accident.
Because that's totally a five finger leaf
I did a screenshot at this exact moment in the dialogue too, thinking "dayum this girl is creeEEEeeeeeepy"
Of course not, Nguyen is gonna hit on one of the streets...
Lol browse /new and see all the people complaining about not being able to play in their rural towns and you'd change your mind quickly
War doch nur ein prank, Brudi.
Who are replacing Green and Eovaldi for their starts?
Said the under 2k post karma guy *expert*
Exploiting disability by modifying crutches to make cute crafty shit on your Pinterest page...what's wrong with that?
Or maybe we don't want to waste resources and time on something the state hasn't been able to get hard evidence on.
Her other posts are definitely NSFW maybe?
Torture
The last 2 or 3 seasons have had a full-season running plot line so it's not just the same thing over and over again.
Why?
But it's all gas so why don't we just fly straight through the core?
Great work on the hood and the face under the visor.
Thanks.
If it ever releases, that is.
They probably from the Viscount side of Whitehall as opposed to the Comet side
I'm the one who is asking what is misleading about it, not the one who created the tag.
she looks like she had had a ventilator tube with that marking across her neck
Then why the fuck go to a debate subreddit?
What is this sorcery?
they will, its just not announced yet, pry sometime during worlds if not at finals
At the end they will have 4 seat (Erina, and Soma/Takumi and Megumi will become Elite Ten) so at that point if one of the ET from central decide, for **fun** to help them, they would win (I see Rindo doing that already)
Foxnews said it!
Kan ik me voorstellen met een naam als Nepetaleion.
Ascended to 4K gaming
This judgement doesn't mean too much until it goes to supreme court which is currently being fast tracked.
His eyes are too far/wide apart, his mouth is just a black line with a visible buck tooth... It makes up a creepy expression, in a way... (lol) xD
laziness is the main reason, they want to be spoonfed
The second g stands for genius
Sad but true.
His tolerance.
Nox` siphon darkness has the radius of the entire map.
What would considered to be your best qualities for the ~~job~~ giveaway ?
This would be awesome, but I don't think this game really needs saving
Don't have him either... So I think I'm just gonna clear the colo's and farm story mode or something.
O jeitinho brasileiro.
Is Malta the only place where stove tops have thermocouples build into them so that no gas will come out unless lit?
Yeah, idubbbz already shut Leafy up anyway
So did I, but I realized I got confused when the Imam laughed when opening the package, because that means he didn't expect it
Sad that Supreme Court is the only argument the Clinton camp can make to progressives..
Oh I gotchu nvm
Not sure if you're making a joke and this comment is a woosh, but a telephoto lens will "flatten" a subject, not exaggerate a feature.
:D congrats poke cheekos of baby for me :D
Perfectly balanced, OP just needs to git gud.
And the polls reflected the exact same thing
Fog is fog
Is Yuuna's dad also named Top Dad?
When has praising the Axis powers ever gone wrong?
Why did you misspell acid rain twice?
If you don't use blood rage you want a somewhat-linked frenzy either way, TS or LA.
Same for me, and I'm in silver :(
It was like watching a documentary.
^(^nobody ^expects ^the ^Spanish ^Inquisition)
cut it the rest of the way so it gets fixed
but fire avoidance skills dont...
You do realize Tabata has already specified that the 10 Million copies is their lifetime goal, not what they need to turn a profit right?
"Curry Thunder" Is that the same as "explosive shits"?
Yeah, you seem to be right
I'm one of those, and I'll never stop
I thought you were referring to the Lammy review as a whole, rather than just the headline figure of this article
Dual channel does not make a difference in real world
Price, Brand, model and location
How far had this country fallen when Glenn "illuminati chalkboard proves Obama is a nazi commie Kenyan set to destroy America" Beck is the voice of reason.
And then didn't we get FDR for 12 years after that, Ann?
Sleep deprivation when you have a newborn
From what I looked up that's just a standard 27", 1080p, 60hz, tn panel
Just get tri blue coral earrings, only 1 AP less for a ton of silver less.
Did he get injured sliding too?
The Flip n Tray of Ultimate guard are super good.
i am dead.
And the enemy D.Va doesn't know how to use defense matrix
How in the world does one love the ACT?
I sense denial...
Hockey History.
The dam is breaking.
I have a feeling that we are going to hear a lot of screaming over the next few years about getting rid of the electoral college (while completely ignoring the reason that it is there)
#This is a top FBI official obstructing justice...he's a fucking DNC double agent.
well, he got held back 3 times, so maybe
Pink Diamond was already erased from the Homeworld logo and the explosion was white, blue and yellow, so no, she was dead but her death couldn't have caused that.
done
If you think this was grind you have never been within 20 miles of a Korean MMORPG.
Too bad, this had so much potential for a broken front teeth outcome.
How many hours do you typically work per week between both jobs?
I had forgotten about him.
That's pretty much what Mars will be when we start colonizing it.
Yeah, it's a party every week baby!
Oh is this the narrative being pushed by brand new accounts now?
true, but to be fair if Maryland Death Fest closed out with Deep Purple I would still stay for it haha
are they only destroying/obstructing things that are owned by and exclusively utilized by Trump supporters?
but tickets are directly applicable to a driving job, jesus fucking christ, smoking a bit of pot when you get home from work has nothing to do with a job in data analysis.
you don't need to waste money on bottled water after a mine collapses on you because safety measures were deemed too expensive and your life was viewed as expendable.
you mean that guy that has employed tons of illegals?
I thought it was gingerbread house icing
2016 is the year of "We want to do a beta for hype but we don't actually want any feedback to make the game better so no PC beta".
this is important
Por eso fui a la UTN.^
I'M SO SORRY
So....visit morgues?
Ooogie booogie
This headline is like a mashup of everything people hate about Trump rolled into one.
So am I everything I said is how rs3 ironman works.
Well folks, I'm in utter shock I tell ya, utter shock.
Cause of death was a blunt 6" metal object with an Apple logo... But those *don't exist*
Source?
Proportional gold gained for how much damage you do to the creep that dies
Real life bud.
I'm sure this is an unpopular opinion but I found myself siding with Emily more often than Lorelai.
Let's boycott it
Or he'll put up with your shit in an effort to save his senate seat and never really stand up to you until it's too late?
And my bow.
Basically they don't want to seem hypocritical when their little break of region gets vetoed.
Devilled eggs usually have spices and like Dijon mustard in them.
It's... It's beautiful.
"please get that thing away from me."
Probably put him on his knees...
it's the only streaming service actually available in my country.
Get your own move pal.
delete this post, now everyone is going to be doing this!
Wouldn't say it's better than ALL of them but TDH is a pretty fantastic game.
Ah jeez I don't know Rick
yeah it's annoying but adds what, 20 seconds more onto your time?
Make my Mojo grow?
Her lazy eye is peekin at it
not really, still sees competitive play
But rainbows aren't... Ooohh
Video?
Oh I was talking about our other 2x Super Bowl winning, Super Bowl MVP special needs student.
What a world we live in where that's taught at Uni
they definitely have very questionable content
These could just be a stack of smileys with a fun hat and a bowtie of sorts.
great post 10/10 IGN
Quite fucked, we all are I mean.
Seems like maybe its part of some Master Plan....
Full arena surround sound!
Um, I think they're anti-abortion and pro-rape, so there won't be any sort of a funeral with a tiny casket in this case.
Oh yeah real well, they made a shit PC game into an even shittier console game.
yeah...good ole necromancers, nothing cooler looking than a Dark elf in Blighted with a Harvester and a Tome of Miragul.
"Keep other ideas out of my politics!"
Wait for 8K @ 240FPS.
"i won't think about what you're saying, i'll just drop you in a preformed mental bucket that in reality has nothing to do with you at all, to avoid any challenge to my preconceptions" you don't know a fucking thing about me
Feels like crawling out of a hole only to fall into a darker hole with spikes.
It was always fun to run MC for 5 hours and kill trash
I dont get it
I grew up near the rez and have Ojibwe relatives so I grew up eating Indian tacos, they are fucking delicious.
Why is it every time I see a IWC pictured here it looks too big for the wrist....
The point is Texas is not unique in having laws that are progressively more severe toward repeat offenders; in fact, the majority of states do.
Well some one sure is salty about something.
I could honestly argue all 5 teams are defense first considering they are the 5 best defensive teams in the league right now by points, yardage, and PFF... Lol
and additionally to that you are bottom tiered a lot thanks to the awesome improved mm
If it's not vi, i'd like to know
He pushed the whole, vote for HRC because Trump is a monster.
Aubrey Marcus is still a better guest than Brandon"work ethic " Schaub
Becky Lynch
oh he'll lose.
I helped live stream a soccer game my school was involved in.
Shut up Dee.
So first Lucio turns into McCree, and now we have McCree turning into Soldier 76
Recycled.
Then they really need to stop self treating.
Yes, we've been coddled with sluggish economic growth and labour precarity.
browse /d/
That accent...
Oh no, to me his face is exactly like Bob's, just with cheek bones that could kill a man.
Tetap dibubarkan polisi karena "warga resah".
*RONALDOOOOOOO* *BAAAALEEEEEEE* *SUAREEEEEEEEEZ* and so on, Martin Tyler.
*Stares blankly at camera*
Having it at a seniors expo.
Tip toe through the tulips
The J.R Smith method.
And both Superteams lost by 29... HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA... Seriously though, give it time.
Ladies and gentlemen... *he's back*.
Hmmmm so maybe phone cords save lives..... I'm going to start sleeping with one.
Did somebody accidentally let Varg into the country?
somebody needs to put those entitled wheelchair people in their place!
Even the alternate name is stolen!
so the Trumpers are like a shitty less intelligent version of Nazis?
so the Trump President can create a Trump-Congress!
I don't know, but I know how many it will take for his 2017 taxes...none.
I heard Billy Bush made this kid do it
Give the man $1 billion
I mean if you knew you would die if you didn't, I think you'd manage to muster up the courage.
Weird, makes icky glue come out of me
How is he going to get down?
Nah it's only #6 ...a different Salon article holds the #1 spot.
*clever girl*
The red headed stepchild of the CoD franchise
I've heard it's way easier than doing so at secular groups.
You need to meet better girls.
Getting drunk later?
my parents house is listed in the doomsday book :p i win ... but yeah 200 is fucking nothing.
But she otherwise seems really cheerful.
Donald Trump and the Half-Blood Immigrant
Abortion is a huge issue for many Catholics.
You should start your post with system name like [PC] or [PS4]
I've felt for a long time that Trump is treating his campaign like a business deal, or perhaps an advertisement.
Not to mention its design is UNIX-based and because of that, it has native terminal support which is great for any Linux user accustomed to the terminal and has a multitude of software like Homebrew for making the terminal experience better.
Where did you grow up?
Have you actually done this or are you trying to make excuses that mean you don't have to try in the first place?
He is not the owner though and can technically be fired at any point
The only coherent thought I read, one I am pretty sure you didn't mean to make, is that why should it be okay to regulate speech that instigates violence (terrorism), but not speech that instigates ignorance that can cause serious harm and death to children?
Bot fly I think
Yeah the whole "post partisan" thing really didn't go as planned.
I have no idea how to even respond to that, are we making fun of OP?
Yea we should fire him and hire both norv or Greg Olson
Weird face.
by 400.0%
1% of 99%'ers are 2% milk.
RIP strand?
Sure the benefit is you don't look ridiculous
It was free on iTunes when you preordered the album IIRC
The Nickleback of rap
Your username is super awesome.
Naw because this is just a beta and it already looks great to me
True, it's very common in pro games to see a team 'leading' in kills but you look at the networth chart and clearly the other team is actually doing much better.
Maybe its cause you got no handles mark
Sure, just like Mr Robot did
just don't use them.
The game looks like shit otherwise.
Nope.
Sadism =/= Masochism
That is what a good OP does
Yes, Donald has a gift for digging himself into holes and going straight through to china.
Meanwhile, when Micheal Steele was in charge, the GOP took control of the House and he got dumped a couple years later.
Reminds me so much of my Princess.
Jews in camps lul
i5 and 1000 series
Yeah, my shipping was free two-day.
haha : ) I completely forgot about Squirrel gate.
Every smart team makes roster changes after winning a big tournament.
ad reds, as quints, 4 armor seals / 5 scaling hp seals, 9 scaling cdr blues i typically go for the gunblade second and lack CDR so i run it in runes
Columbus checking in, Espolon or Bulleit
maybe the PC Servers will have better specs (hz rate) than the console one so a higher price seems normal...
not only that, Hilary is always T H I C C in any of his cartoons.
Pwned
He just needs to keep doing what he's doing and the points will come.
Not in our lifetimes.
Ok find me a place where I can purchase it
nah
i do overwatch cases all the time, not once have i posted in the sunday overwatch thread.
At least we still got our porn.
In all fairness, she should have thought you were being sexist and not racist.
'tism detected
Yup
Oh yeah, if I'm doing Swarms, I literally only use my missiles on the M50's because otherwise you will spend 5-10 minutes with your whole team trying to kill them.
Naw fuck him, he was asking for it.
So, there's this one episode of Futurama...
Yeah I saw him on the set the other day as well.
yh, exactly that.
Take off your kilt
But John Miller and family were close runners-up.
I actually thought he was ET a couple plays with how quick he went from out of frame to in to frame to make a tackle.
More pathetic than bad
Because we already have a PHY and STR SSB Vegeta Then again SSBKK Goku was AGL when SSB Goku was also AGL So you never know...
Bandages does have toilet paper to wrap the bodies in
How ivy is better
Only a matter of time till it's defaced
Prestidigitation
And let's remember how the ward from Season 3 was a Pylon
Even if you're going the oil route, you want to remove as much water as possible first.
As of now, it is at $41,785.
Alright.
It was 2 million
Please move this to shitty kickstarters
Maybe he stayed in the Hospital because there he saw so many other kids needing his friendship and, as you said, he knows how to be a best friend.
G
O
No, but I like the other guy, Albert Einstein.
I have found American maps to be flatter and larger distances but maybe it's just the nature of the seed luck.
In other words, we are now living in a complete system failure.
don't count.
Kreegakaleet lu Gosata'ahm
How many people do you think you can kill in those 5 hours?
Eustace: "What's your offer" King Ramses: "Free real estate"
Best taste in music, of course.
This is going to get old very quickly.
Those are nuggets, sir!
OOO What a cut Javale
i just start longsword every game, nice into early phage
Miguel Herrera pls
What's so good about it?
Pretty much.
Sure but they are mostly just fucking white males so like whatever.
Hey man Jihad doesn't do scheduling.
I don't know the name of the action but basically you continue working but employees charge customers nothing for sales.
how much is a chromecast i need one
Yeah just the droid name and commercials made me want one for a while.
Lmao thee true virgin has spoken
Woah I thought he was a bust after 2 games?
pathetic.
I'll take a reach around.
Indication of the difficulty.
does the even speedwagon is afraid one count?
^^^^^^^^^^GO!
I don't remember how long it was before the update, but today Soleil told me she was moving on the 12th, so 10 days exactly.
50 something from all of the solos.
That's really underpriced... if you don't want anything it's fine I was just wondering
Faker, Bjergsen, Xpeke, Pawn and Westdoor for me
And that's what he can do without his Cigar, we're damn lucky Riot decided to nerf that
BEEEENGHAAAAZIIIIIIII
**BUT DEMOCRATS ARE THE ONES WHO DOES SEDITION**
As a person in a country where the CW shows don't really exist, I can still watch them using the power of the internet.
In a free society, you have the freedom to note vote.
And because of what u/roflmyboxes said, none of my friends switch so me switching is pointless.
This should make you automatically lose your license for a year.
Noooo, wait and do a thread about something you would tell to someone in particular and really watch shit hit the fan.
But it's not enough to move away from reliable energy.
Pray to Jesus
This is fantastic news if you keep in mind that he was heading for an MRI today and had (allegedly) told someone on the 49ers that he thought he "tore something"
Yeah they forced a candidate who was basically unopposed until a guy started a campaign months after most primary candidates and got millions less votes than the other candidate.
I cant tell if you're talking about t_d or politics or ETS, but as a guy with not a lot of love for donald, I think it's at minimum a respectable move.
Hmm... I can consider that.
'How I Met Your Dad'
Why didnt they migrate to Voat if Reddit was way too PC for them?
If they say so enough it will feel true.
A cartoon based on the Skylanders franchise (made by Activision) that airs exclusively on Netflix.
I like this one the best.
And a bird law handbook
Always interesting to read about this battle and how they focused almost exclusively on Musashi instead of trying to take other combatants out besides Myoko
QQ
If all knives were of equal value and rarity, the Lore skins would be at the bottom of my list, personally.
So basically first-come-first-get?
Russell throwing shade at Cam
endodontics is what I was referring to sorry Well he did the "dry ice" test but I felt it on both teeth, and also did the test were he hit it with the metal instrument but #18 and # 19 did/didn't hurt sometimes when they did it.
Bowsers too thicc for this
Probably smoked a bowl before typing too.
I know this wasn't a serious post, due to the nonsense word "rooskie" being in there somewhere, but the Lions have won four NFL championships in the last 100 years.
Go plug a website somewhere else shill.
LOL
For one song, they stayed for a year at least
I thought it wouldn't hurt to grow up quickly and ignore high school social stuff, boy was I wrong.
The promo is still on the bottom of the picture.
I wouldn't tbh
No
You dropped this
You're probably better off listening through soundcloud as the audio on the stream has some echoing and such.
My point is that there are still plenty of companies that pay less than Walmart, so why focus the criticism on Walmart?
Hey some people there do, we just have to wait until they unfreeze in the Spring and come out of hibernation.
This guy is the most likeable Philadelphia athlete I've ever seen.
I believe its just the bolt action rifles, instead of the "self-loading" you see at the top, which are the semi-automatic rifles.
13-year-olds have a lot to complain about these days
There are other Android stores
Goodbye
That was fucking awesome.
I dabbled in Midget C hockey during high school.
The graphics are realistic, the gameplay is not.
That one does not concern me much the tech sector is a revolving door with exec coming and going.
I took a year off after Wrestlemania XXX and I honestly feel like I missed very little.
Youngest Jedi council in history?
I could use a Bengal colored pair of those bad boys tbh
dog this is too hard
Not sure if Skrillex does, but Jauz played it 2 weeks ago at a show I went to and everybody did recognize it.
Not to mention, PSN going down didn't make the process any easier.
I just hate how they bug you while you're trying to buy pyromancies.
ok I'm going to add you.
What happens if you grapple it?
Not a texture pack, download 20xx hack pack and go to the debug menu to put that and various other overlays on your character
This snake would tell you black was white if it meant he could line his pockets.
whats powersaves?
Best of luck!
Nice name
This is basically how Mesopotamian mythology works.
What's demagorgan
I see him making it only if Mitchell isn't ready for week 1.. Otherwise he won't make it.. To much talent at WR and this roster is to talented for him on it
M A G N U M D O N G
A Lars Von Trier movie would have a lot of graphic sex scenes and genital mutilation, but it would be a unique Gears of War movie, that's for sure.
If it's not broken don't fix it, it is now broken so time to fix it
I only do 24mg nicotine vape brah
Because Taiwan is a democracy and China is a dictatorship and that's what molds each person
Oh that makes sense thanks
Gears of War 3?
He can't drop them for at least a few days
Many of the staffer reports repeated this sentiment, and confirmed what we suspected after the entire election played out.
To shreds
You got any source on these?
Christ
ask if you can get an SSD instead if you don't need a ton of data on it.
Fake news.
Wouldn't it be easier just to take them on a boat trip around the world?
ahh yes if we would have voted for bernie, we would have full luxury communism
Hard to get a book up there
Papa Emeritus II.
I was gonna say, I'm pretty sure Cheney's busy summoning those last few Nazgul for his Thanksgiving vacation.
Because I still think that is not a good pick compare with rewind, so I came out of few ideas.
GET OUT.
By being big.
With the stork or each other?
I wonder what the blue carpet means.....
Complain to BBB, see if that gets a response.
something something, Pepperidge Farm
what the fuck happened here
Pass the Dutchie.
And he can fix all of them
in FFXI online, I was an (involuntary) DK tank with soul-eater, kraken club and Riddil!
Why are you #ing the Mexican American Grocer's Association?
This is what BDK is for.
Jesus, I didn't know about him, what an amazing design he has, and given that ariados is one of my favorite pokemon, but doesn't have great stats, maybe this will be another favorite of mine
Thank you very much
invite sent
Yes she is.
Let's be honest, that's the real most frequent misconception regarding rogue decks.
Die goddamn weaboos.
No you wouldn't, professional announcers wear more makeup than pornstars.
I didn't use the
So you mean that genetically-modified tomatoes will *not* grow a teratoma?
Hey man, you can post your imgur pics in albums so you don't have to paste a bunch of separate links
Why do people care about natures so much?
No I mean a home and home series
Ive got a pair of purple loopers, but id need around 8 more keys.
Yes it is, but you get to keep your salvation
Yeah see even Carr knows he's trash and not up to the MVP standard
Yes but that requires effort and believe me 99% of users are not going to do this
Also during : )
Okay.
Middle aged woman I met with at least 1 kid: "Apples have sugar?"
Nope, one per game
Amazing speech by the GOAT power forward to play the game, but...DAE think that Fall Out Boy song was cheesy?
It's not just him facing these problems?
Thanks for saving me the clicks, it's always entertaining to watch the shills in their natural habitats.
I wish my life was that good
its k bro ur mom already did it for me OHOHOH.
2 months ago...
Um hasn't he been a Senator for years?
Creating a sub is complex.
So these are imaginary death threats.
hmm makes sense.
It's not unusual to be loved by anyone!
New dab meta
Thank you to hype mr cheese
"Vote Trump!"
Well Cage already tackled one pairing with a famous Scientologist (Travolta) so I have a feeling this pairing would be equally as amazing.
Knees weak, arms are heavy...
Gotcha.
you're weird as fuck.
If you can wait, there is a Meloetta event in december
Please have Moscow's Pussy Riot play it's the end of the world as we know it.
Clinton's 'transgressions' as you put it are minuscule in comparison to what Trump has been doing for decades such as bankrupting small business suppliers out of their compensation, even recently when he practically invited the Russian FSB to hack the DNC servers.
They are gonna emergency land the plane because it reeks like bud
uuuuuuuuggggghhhhhh
I'll bite, what's first for you?
Not good enough for Team Canada, not good enough for me.
An old roommate I had looked at me and said "I'm going to buy a lamp for this room, because it gets Dark when we turn the light off."
they were just testing the waters for leverage in negotiations, they weren't seriously thinking about leaving NJPW for TNA.
I'm an idiot, what's the proper way?
LL Bean will take it!
We spend so much energy playing catchup we can never take a lead.
Obviously macOS would have the best performance on apple hardware, but it could be just as good if not better on higher spec'd custom builds as well.
This is beautiful
The madlad
I really hope you guys make use of a "putting the unt in cunt" style phrase in reference to the school board
If you're updating often enough that waiting for LOS is a big deal then you're updating too often.
Aleppo Johnson and WIFI Stein will make a good pair at the kids table debate over applesauce.
If you breathe in enough dihydrogen-monoxide, it'll kill you!
Constipation... Makes the shit hard as a rock.
Sbisa
THANKS OBAMA
Capes give you bonus points though
FUCK
r/me_irl
Thanks Zapp!
Anytime I'm in common areas and bored I walk around and give everyone "Blessing of King's"
Reddit has ruined the rest of the Internet for me.
Yeah they look much better worn epilogue
Does this have freesync like that other costco monitor?
They were probably having sex that's why she forgot.
I mean if she's into that kind of thing...
Obama didn't keep us safe on 9/11.
China isn't even using Nazi scientists.
they could do this but that would mean any "limited skins/mounts" would loose their worth and people who bought them last time would wise up and reduce impulse buying
Because some people dont want to open another line of credit for just one device when we already have a credit line available via our carrier.
Now you're just being a little bitch
Remaking the Boy In The Striped Pajamas, but with child slaves legally purchased in some third world country.
They don't seem to care
I can do 38+fees shipped.
He said he's going to repeal the law that canceled my insurance so I can get it or a very similar one to it back at the price I was paying or lower.
#WE HAVE THE BEST NAZI LOVING FRIENDS, DON'T WE FOLKS?
Don't forget the guns...and you'll always have Benghazi to fall back on.
Well they're not wrong
DSP might be a better steal then Hall if he can be that guy cleaning up.
Does this count as peasantry since he's saying something that's true, but not giving the full story?
Wouldn't that technically make it a sideways gif?
That dick bending is terrifyingly close to breaking.
You'll need runes to make him work though, and his Ai derps pretty hard for Aiden Runs.
They're secretly making changes without giving us a gem *Everyone riot*
thank mr kelmon
He's pretty quick once they're official but it could be a bit before he actually adds them to Nova
He's exhibited more in common with the CIA agenda than Gavin and he was literally born at the CIA.
It's so simply anyone could do it it's just the politics that's hard
Doesn't really work now because the only ritual spell that requires more than the caster is the warlock summoning closet.
What are the chances Kryssie thought Morgan meant Alex was her 'sister' as in Sorority Sister or someone who she felt as close to as a sister vs the actual blood relative.
I found multiplayer in the main menu.
give them a break its the studios first game.
Give me your tears.
Actually there are standard ways to maintain UI state, if an app's UI seems to reset when rotating then the developer didn't do what they are supposed to do.
Just fuck my shit up
Titanic
Aren't the males friendly?
Because sweeping the outdoors makes sense.
I'm going to be so disappointed if April Fools comes and absolutely nothing changes.
Gotta watch out for those ones; Kevin De Leon says it's a Ghost Gun capable of firing its 30 caliber clip in 30 seconds.
E
All I need is a confirmation of a Stardust Crusaders dub on Toonami, now.
And with how slow medicine moves it'll be 10+ years before this is a treatment you can actually use.
It sends out the message MAGA and then destroys us all
Ah OK.
Cream pie
fun fact his cousin is Nani
both injured in training source MUTV Edit both meaning schneiderlin and martial
maybe he went to make food, toilet or something, attacked snake so he wont log out?
Well the bulbs are sold as well but I think that's mainly a domestic thing
team fortress 2 is free to play like you don't have to spend any money on it to play it csgo has a larger player base and more constant updates ( no really if you think valve hates csgo, go look at what they're doing to tf2)
Canada is evil?
Yeah those are totally the only build choises
Nils Sjoberg returns
Maybe I'm just super informed but I have never thought so.
Capable isnt deep.
[[Kairos]]
It says the Youtube earnings are added on the 15th each month, IIRC.
More "criminals" like him please.
KEK WILLS IT
politics = MONEY MONEY MONEY and the coalitions big supporters are people who run the coal industry
Different strokes for different folks i suppose.
Say, "Hey, I know you....... you're the bassist for Metallica!"
Why does it even have a floor to ceiling mirror?
Yh good Bc i want to get it
According to this graph your shit will eventually not sell.
Or dogpile it
The Titanic was unsinkable!
Might be the reason she refuses to die
Are you talking about the Problem solver or Splatter cannon, or did you have a Furious Handmade rifle randomly drop?
Except for the sexplicit nature of her essay.
Classic shmosby
mai degraba monitorizare sri pe r/romania impotriva radicalizarii!
You were lazy, you had some unrealistic dreams, life fucked you even if you hadn't been both those precious things, but hey were getting out of this slump and back on track soon.
Helps when people pay their taxes and allows the government to subsidie important things like clean energy and the survival of the planet, instead of red meat and corn.
Even without memory problems it still seems perfectly conceivable someone could make a silly mistake like that
Yeah, and I'll be here waiting to eat my hat
Where is the MSM?
Having this level of white guilt has to be toxic right?
He is russian, well known fact that the only political position known to russians is communism, or have you forgotten of their famous communist czars?
That is true.
and memes can be fun, remember hate is way more powerful a train than logic and critical thinking.
Doug Mientkiewicz knows what's up.
i just 'blue' myself now is real
Where did you get your PhD in game balance from?
I bought my discounted versions from the Adobe site.
Imagine what we could do if Blizzard still supported starcraft!
Stop reminding me
Does it happen to say "Don't apply directly to skin" on the pack?
Fun fact: Both of those states individually have a greater nominal GSP (gross state product) than the nominal GDP of Russia.
A couple years ago I realized I don't give a single fuck about anything I was seeing on Facebook so I deleted my account.
KP has done no wrong
You are trying really hard not to get this
And it have a restroom and gallery
Furnance*
Nice, Conker in there makes it pay for itself!
* HandClap * Bravo good sir, have some that I've forgotten about that I put on my wish list &lt;3 my rail shooters.
incidentaly, this tactic is usually used by dshift player who try to bluff their way to victory - faster, aggressive decks lose or win fast, stalling would just cut into their own time
The real Liza is the one clinging to the other girl to stay stood up.
I here that.
No - it's been processed, so it's not *actually* wood anymore.
Welp, this is a first.
Well deserved
Isn't this Tom Hanks?
Traitor Trump Torments Trumpeteers Tremendously Treacherously Through Trivial Twitter Tactics
k
Leading sports enthusiasts to videos of people dying.
You're being way too pedantic about my example.. This shit (examples) isn't science, it's a ball park kinda thing.
Wonder why the Russians would want to close the Amnesty international office in Moscow!
Look!A snowball!
If history is an indicator, his last check will bounce.
The leaders are literally alive for thousands of years and that's your biggest complaint about the realism of the game?
The church was a false flag, the cops were a false flag, but the RNC building was completely legit.
You should, i dont much about the format myself but i have played a couple of games of it and it's pretty neat
I feel like they buffed the Peasant Packs... Just yesterday I gotten 2 Legendarys from 2 peasant packs...
I believe it's the latter.
Can someone ELI5?
So, how has Obama been an embarrassment, exactly?
im kust imagining " adult" roblox :/
I wish I knew this existed, earlier...
*ding ding ding* we have a weiner!
Wouldn't work, Rob as a woman is too believable.
etsy
It may have something to do with Naruto mastering sage jutsu that opened the doors for a more complete bonding.
Meow
CMike
Can we have a gake contest where we elect the trolliest troll?
I tried, it's really hard to understand and follow tbh, just me being a stupid American
which is also a good use of it, then i dont have to pause my game
Congrats, Pinky!
Mitch
yeah our defense will kinda suck for october
Democracy 101, people you vote for are all puppets.
That's coz it's been dead for a few decades now.
meanwhile u get "your army is lost, get to them fast" because u r too far from the rest of them...
Durant: "I'm taking my talents to 1946"
Hey its me ur husband
Heal's nice for the move speed and I think it's better for baiting people.
He just thought that trailer hitch looked so good!
I was fairly impressed with kronos in terms of lack of bugs.
Gritty.
I was just tickled by the irony of a really rational, supportive comment from JudgementalPrick
Thanks Obama
but they're only 1% less reliable!
WTF can't they do that HERE?
I've actually watched his speeches as opposed to listening to selected soundbites from stations who have stated that they are in no way interested in balances or unpartisan political reporting.
Are the people unable to rise up and create a Syrian government for the Syrian people?
Sorry, I can't help myself, all the wifi radiation has warped my brain
I thought the same thing
I love when she reaches for the silent alarm.
Dun dun dun, da duh dundundunboom
exactly.
ahh, the old dick joke
Thank god, Help us Yiliang Peng, you are our only hope!
I've always found they taste funny.
We've actually considered that multiple times with my GF, but have no idea on prices and where to sell it.
You have to HOLD the melee button, never failed an execution.
At least Megatron is clear about his "Global domination" platform, so you know what you are getting with a vote for Megatron.
guy in van is lying, part of the culture is to keep details relating to your sleeper a secret unless they're a close friend
I only really use this on the Dunkirk and Scharnhorst though because of their small caliber shells - it's a good way to damage ships that are hard to damage (well angled battleships at long distance)
You eat too much.
Dude you obviously never saw The Pacifier.
How long before "Preemptive Rape" is a thing?
I had to try because I have some non-white in me.
Back in the late 80s and early 90s, I got up at 6 am before school to watch Sailor Moon and Dragon Ball.
Well, Bernie left the seat up once or twice, so.......
Colin Powell because he's smart and bipartisan.
I wouldn't acknowledge a lying, self-degrading crook either.
This country deserves better than its people
BREAKING NEWS: The NFL makes a good decision, still gets shit on.
It's fun to do Commando Pro knifing in it :3
2016, it's not close.
What gives you that impression?
If there are 4 undefeated, I feel like the Big12 team would get jumped by a 11-1 conference champion OSU.
Unless that candidate wants to make it legal for people to sue gunmakers for an individual's choice to rampage with a tool.
Citation
OUT OUT OUT... The entire narrative is false.
There is no USD on poloniex.
Yeah, I'm sure a Michigan has forgotten about this.
MEGA
Thank god , but that email what does it exactly mean ?
I keep them in the processor box, but after 3 builds, I've yet to go back and actually use one.
less than a week
Exactly
No it's not
We also would have accepted "Jackie Brown".
I have seen it several times where I live with a popualtion of 108,000 people, could just be the same person or could be several different people I have no way of knowing.
Lousy American.
I get audited for northern living allowance since I bought my house, 6 years in a row, they pay me the refund then 6 months later they decide I don't live where I live and I have to send in paper work all over again to prove I live where I live.
They could start by asking their NATO allies, Lithuania and Latvia, to right the evil Stalin deeds by returning Wilno and Daugavpils.
merri and pippen strike again
rip headphone users.
You need an excuse?
It's coming up though
Jesus thanks a lot grandpa...
Ironically enough, these jobs are still credited to Obama as he's still President.
It takes a while to find its voice, but towards the middle of the 1st season, character arcs start to take shape and the show ends up trading some of the cheaper laughs for themes that are darker and more cerebral.
Because they might reject Trump's agenda too?
She might not be if Trump doesn't like her work.
Let's not pretend that DWS and Donna Brazile tipping the scales for Clinton isn't just scratching the surface of what was going on behind the scenes.
Number One reason to oppose the new UKIP leader: He's a UKIP member.
Bill Murray, I bet we could both just sit in silence for the majority of the time with the occasional witticism.
It's almost like the republican senator really believes in the conservative ideology so much that he became a republican senator and will vote for people that will advance those political positions and vote against candidates that you perceive to go in the opposite direction of that ideology.
Can't tell if you're being rude or making a complex numbers pun.
T, E, N, N, T-I-T, AN, S *cue dramatic pose with the OL*
It doesn't.
That's like 3x as long as a Clinton rally minus the coughing...
At the same time?
I would be able to and my father would help me with stuff I couldn't do by myself
Because watching Bruce Wayne crash at hostels while hitchhiking across Europe would be fantastic cinema.
Obligatory "nothing will happen" comment.
Is that a thing?
Where/how can someone go about getting onto a Vanilla server?
Yeah, at most I'd say 150.
Nah, he uhh, left a note.
I'm using the profile I have setup for FPV Freerider.
Haha yeah most definitely
Aye, I can't see jack shit on the mini-map even when I blow it up.
HELL YES HIGH ENERGY LET'S GO!
I mean considering the "features" I'm talking about are having a competent android app and not having to use itunes more than makes up for any albums
Baka-Tsuki is just an aggregator site where people can submit their translations.
Isn't it "Born Again Tomorrow"?
Endo is for both, from what my father (that used to do motocross and owned many bikes) told me.
after you, jacko jacko san
I mean, the crocodillian in my current campaign begs to differ with this 13 base AC but it's homebrew and the DM oddly enough was fine with it despite it being a very gritty campaign.
Full globalization seems to be ultimately anti environmental only helping the few (especially with speculative markets).
There's a fire okeanos thing too
Ship your clothes back and put beer in your luggage.
the tree version is fixed but there are still several ways of getting up there and breaking bedrock.
\#neverforget
No :( he fumbles in critical moments of the game, though.
Not, really.
Is it equally high in attempts as well, or are people using more violent means?
As time endlessly plods on staying at a party till 9:30 starts to sound like torture.
Cuz, yeah.. after the election everything will be just peachy, no one will fight or get butthurt, and the GOP and Dems will go get an ice cream cone to celebrate.
A+ user name.
And why not?
I lived in Iowa over the summer and isn't living there roasting yourself enough?
CNN will be fine.
a relationship with an abusive individual.
I had one last 3 years and thought he was old.
I thought they patched the 320 strike to drop loqer light gear
Yep it is at 100%
For three things Jets fans can actually feel good about there are three hundred things not so good
Mannion The Minnion meme.jpg
**Claps**
Trap game confirmed
well I hit a flick with the octane, usually i got the ball on the wrong part of my car, it didnt feel that good since i'm very hard on myself and I know that I have ALOT to learn in this game, he was just an idiot :D
It's not fuck the poor, it's get the fuck off of the highway so my ass can get to work and not be poor.
I agree with your prediction
Alas, I'm but lowly #8 and not gifted in the ways of CSS work
Appreciation is best expressed as thanks.
happy birthday to a legend may his reign never ends
"But all the Russian exit polls say I won".
The lady who does those surveys is annoying, she sounds breathlessly excited over the fact that people disapprove of whoever they're not voting for
I thought the 5th was more about eminent domain kind of issues, with the wording about property, but I guess I can see how you could tie it to money as well.
HOG, RAT,WIDOW they used shortened names a ton.
Idiots Out Wandering Around
I'd like to see where you got that defintion, and also I want to hear what the person who I was asking had to say about this, as they have a very devout view of modern and historic hedonism.
including part time barista jobs yes
Also the Shah who was installed after the couple was very pro US, this was actually a good thing for the US, the Middle East would be different if the Shah was still running Iran
I just jumped on the bandwagon yesterday so sorry if this is wrong but I think the most recent version fixed this issue, based on some comments in the other threads and the fact that I don't really know what you mean based on my own experience
And she's gonna kill a lot more frequently if we give her the White House.
100 year old news really ?
Okay I know who Bon Jovi is, come on
Yes, pretty noodle, not danger noodle (unless you're a rat).
User name checks out.
Why do trolls bother coming here, they get nothing trying to bring their cancerous shit here anyway.
Discount or not discount 1500 crowns is really unlikely... It would be 70% discount... One can always hope though...
Wops...
You can think of people as more than just sex objects and understand that DJ Trump looks terrible compared to Clinton.
I live in Nebraska.
Yeah that qualifies as best here imo.
He looks a bit shorter as well
Sometimes a 30 min session is cheaper than 2-3 dates
Resale Value?
gurley stewart hyde
Vinyls can be really hit or miss, but that looks pretty damn cool.
Uh, the Raiders
Aaaaaaand I'm done having Packers on my fantasy team
It was edgy as shit
Yeah, because it's an fps
Your argument against something I didn't say is very strong.
Ugh, it's Yeti-American you fucking shitlord..
No u ;)
Honestly I always seem to get mine the more rural I am.
It didnt look like he got hit in the face, and instead of trying to get rid of the ball before he went out of bounds he tried to act like he got clocked.
Alright Chris Broussard
That's the sound of someone loosing teeth from a massive in your face.
We like geese here, but they aren't anywhere near pest population levels.
Oh I'm sorry, I didn't know that I was an idiot.
Does anyone actually put their weed in a pill bottle though?
one of the first feel good stories of the year...
And then he blames Reddit being in SF for the problems.
Lifedrinker is Warlock 11, so if you are starting at 12, you can have it.
Wow.
Yup :(
sweet zombie linda
Because throwing them in jail is both cheaper and more humane....
no
Buy some flowers and say a few words
Isn't it funny how the people who do this totally aren't immigrants from the last fifty years and are native white Britons?
Yes, because it is honestly so hard to go find one of the many websites and communities (such as one on reddit itself) to find maps you and your friends would like to play.
Now this is the most metal thing Ive seen on this sub hands down.
Well, he improved on Romney's numbers
Why not?
You could make a post about it... I don't know if you are speaking from experience as a teacher or a parent, but for these ideas to be expressed is extremely important!
I've done this when it's like 7-1 and I'm bored.
Cant tell whether this election convinced me to become involved in politics or stay as far away as humanly fucking possible
He's just mad because his GM traded away two potential all stars for an expiring Ibaka
By that logic, Carrot is pronounced "Sarrot"
well, if dick morris says it, it must be true
that sounds very unlike socialism.
Worst case Ontario you just get super drunk.....smokes,lets go
i took a .5g out and timelocked the other 20.5g in a safe for 24 hours so i dont smoke all of that shit... which i fucking would if i didnt have that safe... welp looks like im blasting off
Tyrian needs to say that he has a boner for murder
I feel so sad for her that not only did she go through something horrible, but that people doubt her story and force her to defend and relive her experience.
The problem with this assumes that criticism for one candidate is explicitly promoting another candidate.
well i personally feel like prophecies interrupt the usual game more than a strongbox thats why i am fine with it.
And the BGM
One day a different dog will be stuck for real and no one will help.
Why would you eat something you shot with lead?
I guess but the bank holds so many people.
Can we change the catchphrase to "that chump trump?"
That would be troublesome considering Dany never met Rhaegar, and much less Lyanna.
Gross.
And when Pearl Harbor fell, THOUSANDS of Jews were cheering!
"What do [African Americans] have to lose?"
Dude that's how I passed all my finals last semester
Holy shit agreed
I'm sure the Founders would be proud of you, Senator.
I'm more important to me than they are to me so fuck em.
I guess like the other guy said, he's friends with Coach K and went to Duke
Best girl, no other opinion accepted.
Jesus, these refs are fucking you.
Blair Witch has to be mentioned.
Had to look twice at what the kid had in his hand in the 1st clip.
*mooooovin on up*
As someone who loves the lineal belt and the majority conglomerated to the UFC, I am saddened by this.
Let's add "operating heavy machinery" as part of presidential job description so we can require a drug test (just for debates).
DOOMRIDER!
We captain now
Praise glorious motherland, comrade!
I don't even know what it means
Good luck with your request as your history is a bit choppy of low recent activity
"You're the one that invited me over in the first place."
Instead of clicking the image, Rightclick, Open in New Tab
Batista actually pinned Taker clean as a whistle at the PPV before their Survivor Series HIAC match, in which Edge interfered.
just lower the bloom intensity, theres a option setting for a reason
MERKTEAMSEVEN 398 hunter
Apocalypse Now
Well if a,d,k=1, then that all equals 1.
Tom Hardy is not a big guy for you
Personally it's my least favourite of the 4 games, despite having improved combat, story wise it's not essential to play the others but I don't see why you'd start at the end.
I'd love to be on the jury.
Whats wrong with being obsessed with dicks?
Yeah dude fuck that guy for getting tackled in the end zone.
Please somebody Photoshop Finn in a dress.
If what you say is legal, why would you need to be held responsible for it (excluding things like contracts, under oath, other legal documents) ?
The fact that website is so popular is an insult to humanity
LesNOTbifriends
r/cringepics
Stupid ass penalties
Stafford for sure.
Hahaha it's a small world and you didn't even like my comment smh
I haven't had any problems with lag since release, but today it's been unbearably bad.
Rights :'(
love ya too buddy!
Terrifyingly, I'd thought they had a second album, but Wikipedia informs me there are *three*.
Rx470 is generally thought to be a better deal than the 1050ti if you can supply power to it
What we do for deserve this
It's only yoga.
I gained a ton of respect for him from that one comment.
He has a huge nose on his nose
Stop being such a SJW and attaching Trump's speech.
Same...I sold my 6* and things have been more bearable.
None of this is as bad as an email server.
Feels like they aren't there as much as they really should be.
I thought he was going to declare martial law, enact shariah, and never ever leave the white house?
Accurate statement
Thanks for the explanation, it wasn't clear from context.
What, no smell?
Those that fail to improve their own circumstances do not deserve our help.
yeah, it was really something when we Agent Orange'd Vietnam and babies with birth defects are being born to this day, or when we tested those sweet Depleted Uranium shells against Irak's non-existing armored threads and caused again babies with horrible birth defects, or when we test drove those awesome Napalm loads on DANGEROUS Laotian peasants, or when we send "threats" to black sites for hard-core torture or....
Every item included in the halloween event is buyable!
Who's the sane half of the Tories?
DZ keys drop all the time, you just have to know who's pockets to pick.
"Oh God, not another glitch!"
It's happening!
These are great - shit posts are coming back to The Donald!
I'll sell you a prospective marriage visa for $10 000 or a more permanent Partner visa for $50 000.
Because he wants to confront people publicly but don't want to be confronted publicly.
One of my high school friends hit a tree drunk driving in grade 12 and doctors told him if he didn't pass out and go limp at the wheel he would have died.
Love the idea, but at the county level its virtually impossible to enforce.
Please add me back I need all of your Pokemon haha!
Where did W. Bonnie's face go?
So much for majority opinion, lets just have dictatorship.
It depends if you like the information or not, if it is embarrassing and uncovers mismanagement, corruption and dirty deals by western leaders it is clearly disinformation and the news should concentrate on the source rather than the story.
The impel down escapees will probably be his real commanders.
More!
Wow.
A wise man once told me, everything comes apart of you pull hard enough
Q letting those expletives fly!
I just want my circular saw, it glitched and never dropped and now I can't be Edgar from 6 :/
Try listening to the album when you're sober and you won't get confused
Left click
Well said.
..nah, we're just tin foil hat wearing loonies
Fire Klinsmann
If the ps4 isn't maxing out processor usage and network bandwidth to check it's not checking often enough
Is it just me, or is this subreddit suddenly inundated with shitposts?
Orbach basement
Be honest, skip... They're imaginary, aren't they?
When a white guy does it to thirty people and they all say the same thing happened you'll have yourself a relevant comparison
Kanye is one of the few rappers without a "gangsta" persona, actually.
My concern is similar, for $10 a day how many parents would just dump their kids off every day regardless if they need to or not?
This man does not know or care how our government works, and that is fucking scary.
They're handwarmers you can find them in the camping sections of department stores
depends, if you already have a 5++ one then it feels like the odds are about 98% to keep pulling them.
And to think, all it took was one deity a day to come up with it.
That's the point, famous directors with millions of dollars at their disposal still sometimes make a product that falls short yet somehow people still freak out when a YouTuber makes a few videos that don't hit their high watermark.
Stefon Curry
This reminds me of a wwe match
Same, but I had to have it cut off when I slipped on ice playing road hockey and dislocated by shoulder :(
It's an old meme, sir, but it checks out.
Wew lad so insightful
Raw egg and Guinness stout.
Write to the Sun and complain.
INB4 massive bruhaha about CBC's Syrian migrants stories.
I changed the pad click to "Mouse Cursor Select" from just "Select" and it fixed the problem!
Eh, TLOU was very linear compared to RDD.
Mine says 34
He said that
Amazing.
HNNNNNNNG
So I was a hipster BEFORE it was cool.
Thanks all for the replies!
Every team has lost at least one game.
This will rule the off-season...Someone will suggest to send in plays by carrier pigeon.
Today is gonna be the day That khan gonna throw it back to you By now Gus you should've somehow Realized what you gotta do
FT Freddy's level in the Breaker Room is pretty scary for me.
THEY MADE A VOOOOOW THEIR MOTHER WILL BE FOUUUUUUUND ~~am I the only one who legit liked that show lol~~
I don't pretend I can since I don't know notes or can't read sheet music.
Ethan and Eila: (sorry if I said it wrong) it was their second channel.
No he didn't.
Maybe they should've got off their asses and voted
This is so reassuring.
still can't beat Houston ;)
I've known I was "different" for a looooong time.
And we're almost flat broke!
Looks like some one one.
Lets get 32 tick servers to compensate for the performance hits.
No matter what happens with this busted election we're gonna miss having a straight boss as President
We have no Giannis :( the Greek Freak is lord of the stank face.
That's actually a brill idea
I guess they are more of a threat to society than murders and rapists.
01010000 01101100 01100001 01111001 01100111 01101001 01110010 01101100 01110011
Because it's cool to hate shit that's popular, especially since destiny will chat or play games with them, but it takes 14 months in a row of me subbing for him to say welcome to the subber club.
A real-life Gavin Belson.
Yea I lost, only because his lineup was all guards and they kept running circles around SHAQ and Jerry
Shake it baby!
Positions btw not players
Stop it.
Lol Petraeus and Flynn belong in prison lol
#IRON RACING LEAGUE BNG - make this happen
ah...i see it now.
Less treasonist than calling on the "2nd amendment folks" because they dont believe in our Democracy and seem to enjoy being Russian puppets.
Irl Gadget!
Again, I know about the recharge, but it's not the same as being able to hover with the boost.
Just like all those extra seats at the Etihad.
Not to mention timed how they wanted as well.
SHILL!
That's not so much "use their hands to break the fall," and more "have their arms accidentally get in the way of them falling."
"Genocide saves lives" -America
He'll probably answer with "were you there?"
It's racist to disparage those millionaire Chinese foreigners
Full... They are all full I promise
Ya I wasn't arguing that.
Reminds me of that children's book about the fish with the shiny scales
Scatterbrained is when you kill an enemy and he or she is using combat focus.
Oh I see you've been to Elizabeth then!
Mmm, I love memberberries.
It is unclear from the context if he's attacking the fair use suggestions, or the proposal to allow parallel imports of books, which will hit Australian authors.
Even when I am home Australia Post tend to leave a card.
Too late for this election to be about the policy differences between the candidates and how these will affect the average America.
Because a cow's breast milk and chicken periods are *so* delicious.
dem boxes
Seeing the game struggling to pass 6000 players peak on launch night when black ops 3 did over 50000 launch night is a little concerning, definitely.
Playing golf is exhausting man
That may work with half their voters but pain can bring clarity.
r/oldschoolcool
"I think it's a mirrow"
I'd jizz everywhere if this old scrotum walked
Okay.
Why do you drop the letter u from words?
Yet they will prescribe opiates/benzos like candy, despite knowing how dangerous they are.
I hope he's forced to play only in Providence pitches for the rest of his career
Too little too late
Looks more like the intentional destruction of a disabled helo.
The 'investigation' wasn't.
Don't worry Trumpsters, he's got great leverage.
He's probably a very unhappy individual
Practice your passing instead of blaming the game maybe?
Hammer, Motherland and T-34-88
how do you know it wasn't...?
The nugget that bites back.
Brb buying ticket to thailand.
Good point but he'll still have to clean it to rack it for the front squat.
Wrong it's obviously Nuke town
Bi-annual*
Bit of a dick you are.
What degree?
I thought it was Notch that introduced the world to cuntfusion.
They keep getting better and better
Took prime, now ordering all silly stuff like toothbrush, soap etc cuz no delivery charges yo.
Nov 8th is next date for the SEC to do something.
I think you got blockchain and government round the wrong way there.
No one could live under Hilary's reign of terror
Ahh, this must be the "gay agenda" I've heard so much about.
T
Fuck these corporatist transphobic fucks.
idkfa
Well, given that he fairly said leaving could pose some risk to peace and stability in Europe, and the tabloids printed that he said Brexit would lead to World War 3, I kinda get why.
Is that a pro mercy?
looks very cinematic
Like smash 4?
i'm playing 4K native with an overclock 980-Ti
The toe is excellent for dipping.
Getting a puppy on Monday, fucking buzzing
I want there to be a sub for acrophobia for the same reason this sub and trypophobia exist.
Or you see the evil ministers of Nicaea conspiring to control the masses with ignorant superstition.
So one man was an asshole and this translates to a clickbate headline.
Lol, omg she totally deserved to die because of that one time she was wrong.
Tom Brady will always be a scrub man, I mean look at his stats for the first 4 games this season
whoa
Fitting for our boy Conner.
O.o
Poor Agni.
\#womensolazy
They looked at which was more hoarded and went with the other.
Inb4 witch hunt.
Since RCS also has to be enabled by the carrier, which Sprint has done on their end, will Sprint enable it for Boost and their mvnos?
But... You clearly lived.
What was that he was saying about not giving out enemies critical info on TV?
Open minded ka ba?
It's probably better that people assume you're a kid because then you have an excuse for sounding like one.
Short after it will have a strong effect on the financial markets for sure... But the world is slowly going to shit anyways...
That costume is insanely great!
I admire your love and dedication.
I would think cold climates are better for growing under hot lights than warm climates, because you don't have to run the AC as much, but that's probably only a bit of the reason.
Actually by most measures this presidency is going quite well.
How do you do it on bball ref?
Ok I think I just SHAT my pants.
I remember having a blast putting all the different hats on our jerboa population, but this is even more amazing.
Rant: my parents keep pestering me to get a girlfriend Rant: my jeep still won't start Rave: I'm going to DC in a couple of weeks
to combine with your d
Leave TvTropes
Come on guys, it's 3.5/4
So how much coins were included?
I come from cars and dyslexia, i read SRT8 and all i could think is mustangs are the problem not Chrysler.
When your level matches your zip code.
Premed students prefer uppers.
With Random capitalization To Make things worse.
Maybe elaborate and give examples and look at it from different perspectives before commenting.
Orrrrrr move to higher volume and maybe a higher risk drug like heroin or meth?
huehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehue
Thats kewl
read my past posts
Yah I guess people don't find it Yum yum?
If you don't dump your dump then you're stumped and voting for...
This is also a question so the *real* question is.... is this already the question thread?
What a great piece of advice.
It can, but the amount of power and data is limited.
I doubt there's much of a difference when you get down to brass tacks.
That's funny, I just saw this thread on r/the_donald...
Every time something like this happens, I remember the old adage: "Nothing good ever happens after midnight."
Ryos, IM CALLING IT!
Ugh "dat audio".
They don't know or they wouldn't have lost them.
Meh, not good enough until he installs subcutaneous LED light to make it glow.
Undertale's OST is pretty great, and has a rather retro feeling.
Wouldn't that make you a criminal?
She needs to grease that hamster wheel, it is quite noisy.
Yes, sharp metal shrapnel flying off randomly is much better than an explosion.
Imagine being this alienated.
I'm sure on a show of that much importance Takaaki Kidani would be very involved.
Which conservatives (Republicans) throughout that time insisted the Dustbowl was just a natural occurrence, much the same way they claim any climate change today is simply "nature's way."
That's what you get for betting against AMERICA you commie faggot
I'm bout to do the same, I went 12-2 last game, better show every COD reddit my accomplishment.
When has uncharted 4 ever gone on sale?
I think Trump will win MO but it will be more like 4-5 points at most.
you might take a look around and see what's actually happening in the world.
I was at the time, yeah.
It adds character and it's funny
But you get to pick between nice guy and sarcastic nice guy!
It isn't doing a lot of "work" that produces excess heat.
Nice ad,Intel.
How to stick USB drives the correct way every time.
Yeah, I remember being terrified of ITs, now it's just meh, i'll freeze it.
I hear hillary won by a Jebillion
Just stop responding then, you dolt.
Damn dude, you came prepared!
I run mine at 42 Psy
get to the cabinet unlock it grab what I can toss them out the window repeat till empty or no longer safe then follow them out said window
"ridiculously red"
With how long the JSB has taken we can expect the overpass to be done sometime around 2030.
I love the way it looks but after wearing it for two weeks, I'm staring to get annoyed that I need to constantly adjust it.
How come?
You sound unbearable
For sure dude, it happened on the first drive so if you were grabbing a brew it would be easy to miss.
Why not all so everyone got a separate and you could do combos and stuff Also because there is only 5 unlike WWs so none would be left out
While Hillary took another day off.
Is this update expected next Monday?
Interesting that we tasked Saudi Arabia with the actual taking of Kuwait city...feels like there was some politicking going on there, but I'm not sure to what end.
He lurks!
Do you still have your Fury X?
I am sorry for your loss.
They just need to have a Yamaguchi/Tsukki-specific serve and block combo and that'll make my day!
I wish I read the Journal Sentinel fan opinions after that to see what Bart from Antigo had to say
If they are the only model saying that, it won't be a good look for them--rightly or wrongly.
You've got it all figured out.
Haha
You forgot gaudy and tasteless.
do u ever sleep
"Mike Keenan comes out of retirement to accept the role as Vancouver's coach, also be hires Mark Messier as his assistant"
Mass Effect trilogy (which I'm counting as one game, sorrynotsorry) Starbound Skyrim Mostly because I like space and magic a lot, and if limited to only 3(...ish) games, that's my preferred way to unwind.
I guess getting too drunk to feel the headache is one way to fix it?
Happy Hallomeme!
Was there a GameCube in the bottle and then $100 in the GameCube
LeBron because he's LeBron
I wouldn't count on that
I should call the cops on you
Sounds good to me!
Also the keyboard and mouse are both stand-ins
And beeuhs
Glad I drafted him to my fantasy team, I had a feeling he would do well with Web
Guest house for Bill's wimminz
Con mucho azucar y dulce de leche asi les da diabetes.
A D A D A D A D A D A D A D A D
When it's ready
Honestly this is me lol, i switch up genres every day from everything and anything
They'd likely praise him for being 'strong' and 'assertive' and 'sticking up for what he believes'.
Those are not the two options here.
happy cakeday
because it's t3h randem xDDdd *holds up spork*
If you watch the game you realize he's not out of position he's just cover the asses of Jelani Jenkins and the rotating door of whoever else is playing LB.
Too bad it was TKed upon its arrival back at the herd.
okay, your trolling was pretty good yesterday, but it's like 24 hours later and you have to start something new otherwise it just drags on.
I wonder if those could pass the necessary security accreditations for being used on the Defence network.
thanks for the great perspective.
Natures miracle (petsmart or petco) or Odorban (home depot).
I honestly think I first read those parts when I was marginally younger than those characters and realized that's an example of what *not* to do.
I missed the
All good my man.
Jesus there is a line between frugal and cheap ass mother fucker
Will Smith killing his dog in I Am Legend
Will it fall down?
What a bunch of bisexual cucks.
Did you like rub dicks to see what would happen
Hell yea at 4 million that thing is 'cheap' lol
I absolutely love this song.
PSA: If you get fat enough you can use your rolls as pockets to store things in.
I think if he really had to go he would need help to remove equipment fast... so it is reasonable that he needed help.
Yes - catholics have been so effective at clearing up things like child rape, slavery, etc.
Good thing Google would never do such a thing!
It's a good thing Devin Farci isn't running for president.
I think it's worth seeing again regardless, but if it's different a bit each time, I'll prioritize it.
Yeah but 75 precincts in Philly which went 90% for Clinton...
Play mystery portal, get stars, open chests.
As far as I know no, if you can return them do so but don't freak out if you lose something.
How about one step at a time, like a real progression instead reaching for the moon.
**Crooked Bitch is trying to rape and take a guillotine to Lady Liberty**
thats what you get for starting Martavis
Gene editing is in rudimentary stages and thanks to CRISPR a lot genetic diseases will have cures in the foreseeable future.
Men can be whores too, you some kind of sexist?
I have one of those, I wear is proudly across from my Bernie sticker, cause fuck that liar.
Really good photshop or bug?
I dunno it was in the comment section.
Yeah im really triggered that you didnt tap on your new card, check your shop, or your clan chat
Molting with M0lt
wait what is that bolt of lightning if you both have zap still in hand?
Nope
jesus christ man, im not calculating anything, im not sure if reddit offers it without res, but it tells you the total fucking vote count directly under its score this post: 2248 points 65% upvoted, out of 7.494 votes total
BOFA DEEZ NUTS!
So I see a common conspiracy theory chain-letter, where is the statement the Clintons had someone killed?
Yes, time management is a very important skill for a lawyer.
While English probably isn't his first language, that is no excuse for being an idiot.
Get killed.
It's time for us to vote with our wallets and boycott any movie that she is involved with
Who is your symbiote and what does it do?
Give it a minute, they'll fix it.
Ever hear of Moar Ghosts n Stuff and Ghosts N Stuff?
Top tier pryda track for me
Maybe Leia has other responsibilities to attend to, like the fact the Republic just got wiped out, as well as Resistance General duties.
Mobile is peasantry.
Always make sure you look at flight prices in chrome's incognito mode, or using a different browser than normal
Especially while drunk and high
It sounds like it has grabbed you, why do you say it hasn't?
They're just compensating for reality.
MLG is much better at FPSs than their smash-tourneys let me tell you that much at least.
I love when people tell me that I'm the most privileged kind of person in America
Sometimes I worry I might be racist because I don't have any black friends.
I've always had the best sex with people who send their dick pics to random numbers
That thing looks fucking horrifying..
Did she seem creative to you?
Kick in warm-up but not kicked for doing +right for 5 rounds.
But m'grit
They need to know how to use the search feature of Reddit.
I like how everybody finds their own unique reason to hate Trump
How did you know?
It really is.
Boosters are not tradeable there is no reason their lasting missions rather than time would affect prices in any way.
It's sad that you have to preface that with hating arsenal as we should be able to discuss other players in general without it descending into FUCK ARSENAL comments
Well thats one way to find out that NMS isn't a hero, Haha
My son used to come home from kindergarten, complaining about gender bias.
You described my former boss.
In soviet Russia, pussy grabs you
Maybe they're a marine and hate his chairforce life
Do I see the Wretched logo on the right?
There's nothing wrong with strategy unless that strategy is not playing the game and making a sandwich
Bro, his dad owns a dealership!
What's the sizing like on these?
From my experience, yes, you need to stand up before you throw
It's going to be like the "Business Ethics" scene from Billy Madison.
I'm not sure, I know it's just a sensor.
Registration deadlines are now racist... I need to quit coming here
i was playing and i suddenly couldn't log in, i thought i somehow got banned for a sec and spoopy screen came, cheered in middle of park.
Does this imply I'm a five now?
Wow, this is a nail-biter.
As someone on the spectrum, I can tell you I used to know basically every episode of The Simpsons like the back of my hand, and I still know all there is to know about Terry Pratchett's Discworld novels.
Thank you for voting!
Winning 6 coins flips is 1 chance out of 64, I'd call that pretty lucky Edit : and I dont know the number of mage spells in standard but im pretty sure its waaaaay less than 64
Clammer down.
Trust me, look it up.
Lmaooooooo
the two you just posted were posted yesterday and are from her facebook, the ones OP and I posted here aren't
All of 'em redeemed :(
Someone is providing funds for this, who?
Nah screw it, keep it in, I wanna see Aquaman stealing the sword for real lol.
CTR will be the death of Reddit... Reddit was annoying enough when it was just a liberal echo-chamber..
I bet youre fun at parties.
sap everywhere.
LET'S SEE TOMORROW IF I'LL GET DROPPED TO BRONZE V WITH THE "FIX"
Actively repressing is probably the correct word
Guy, first
Look at the ladder.
No - thank you for being here!
The first war was a joint declaration by Leonidas (Sparta) and Napoleon (France) against Caesar (Rome).
thats where they announce d4
Tickets are only lost when the enemy deploys again.
Please don't joke when you are a company employee communicating with its customers.
I missed your Thanksgiving post, but man I'm glad you are continuing to check in.
With comments like this it's no wonder discourse doesn't happen in America
there is also an Xposed module
Those were a special set of laws God gave to the Israelites and them only at the time.
HAHAHA DAE HAVE MAJOR DEPRESSION AND LITERALLY WANNA FUCKING KILL THEMSELVES AHAHAHAHAHA
I've pretty much had it on repeat this election cycle.
You don't know me
i need to watch this show just so i can field these questions
My bladder never cooperates that's why I wear desalination pants.
But you can't just walk into the embassy that Assange was in.
Chief Moncrief think single coverage is good.
Pretty sure you can change that.
cool
What if the misdemeanor is unrelated to burglary?
J'bezo's eco-scrotum
added
As far as I know it happens when you're in a party, irritating but it's a bug that should be fixed soon :) just like trying to quit at the end of a game.
y
Gotta use that
Methamphetamine production.
In space no one can hear you scream "REEEEEEEEEE"
I know everyone's upset at the MSM, but I'd say the NYT, Washington Post, The Atlantic, The New Yorker, etc... are by far the most reliable news sources.
3 AP girls got knocked up senior year by the same dude.
WHAT ARE YOU NET
"We made this up"
Phrenergy
OP needs to go make some new friends at his new home.
Cool story.
Says who?
This is the guy who not only finds a conspiracy in Hillary opening a pickle jar, and seems to think that it has some relevance to her qualification to become POTUS...
Hmm I wonder how Les would do in a Big 12 school....
Comparing someone to Dick Cheney doesn't sound very much like defending them.
I think it would have been better split up though, Spencer's downfall could have been explained much better that it was (and we could have gotten some actual Tasha content too since she was really just an afterthought despite being in the final 3)
These are disgusting.
Welcome gesture
Yeah why was the parent filming her kids that's so weird and unparentlike.
*Shamrock
Seems pretty bigoted to me, sounds like those alt-right trolls.
Gyro-dec?
It's way closer to Strikezone from Ghosts than to Dome but I find it to be a veryyyyy "meh" kind of map just like literally every other map on this game.
But, of course, if the server side has access to any private data and it's not your own server, then it doesn't really matter if it is running open source.
It is because someone always uses that number to sign up so it is close to guaranteed to work
N
spoken like a truly likable person
I got a house in Hyannis but I live like an hour out, always cool seeing local people here.
You should probably add a
sure just give me your ip address and I can send a payment
From my point of view the Democrats are evil
To be fair: I think any criminal murder/assault against another person is probably because you hate them.
You're right, had Clinton not been informed in advance, there's no way that she would have known that a debate hosted in Flint, Michigan, would involve questions about a water crisis in Flint, Michigan.
Very true
Monkey King feels like a ranged Ursa that you have to carefully kite around.
And our government may as well have a bounty on its head.
I'd rather a duval bot that randomly comments quoting people calling him handsome.
Think of it as roleplaying.
What happens after New Year's Day though?
There was that one year when he made the Oilers basically unbeatable in the shootout.
Meh, head checking is so overrated.
Russia is part of Asia... and she is a planted Russian spy.
With the major difference that the dirt road isn't going to crack underneath you and put you in the drink.
Whatever keywords you choose to filter.
D'Lo makes the All Star team.
Sonic boom by a fighter jet
Guess it depends if you run solo or with a group then
go to the EA support site and use their chat to chat with a EA support member
I assume you're talking about superdelegates, but superdelegates never overturn the will of the voters, so why are they relevant to this discussion?
Pot of Grevarice &amp; Pot of Aed?
I thought there was a rule against just posting the shit Trump has said?
Singular lung?
TIL Donald Duck saves lives
Welp, SKY and Discovery can suck my balls
If you take his supposed Libertarian proposals at face value then one must assume you believe his authoritarian ones as well?
Well you're not trying to become president.
S-au uitat la supernatural
I don't think OPs dog is dead
No mans sky more like ***No Guy Buy*** *wheezes*
For me, it's when I realized AC3 had no assassination and you were healing so fast you were basically Wolverine and could defeat the entire British army bare handed if you wanted to.
But guys, if you go on the BLM web page all they want is fairness and equality!
Your son is doing God's work.
Well yeah, you wanted to know you to improve your team xD!
Don't forget Archon!
"Hey chief/PO1/NCC"
You've never played with a 4 queue of trolls then, obviously most of the time though yes it's only for the reasons you stated
One of the carbide team members actually built it (Tiberius 4)
Why not a Muslim too?
#dicksoutforchodestrangler
I guess that is true, but the vide I'm getting from Trump is that he is going to put a 5% tariff on everything that wasn't made found in the the U.S.
ok im pro choice now
Don't be a bombophobe, you will hurt the feelings of moderate bombs and trigger them all.
Right here.
It literally is useless to me, it is just freaking annoying.
move
and baku quali
Yes.
UNLEASH THE CRUZ MISSILE!
Belichick and Brady to the Browns confirmed.
I would trust zero parts of that roof as well.
Minigun our insurgent pickup pretty good at dealing with those hydras, they work best if you have some cover
Cat, you're drunk, go to bed
President Garrison?
you forgot to
It should be a rule that only verified users mod a police sub
They're only theories.
pretty sure vapes aren't meant to combust the weed anyway man
All hail the dipshits!
"Aaaaand, we're done here"
What was non canon filler?
if you are talking about 1.1 its already out and its amazing
Red pill, brah!
shhhh...facts no importante
Which episode is this?
And philosophy is largely based around logical arguments which can be boiled down to mathematical proofs.
Chill, Cheese Nuggets
"we injure gronk every year to handicap the team"
Not right now, give it 5 months
abey very out of character of you
They have been opened for some days already.
How do you cheat and manage to still be that bad lol I feel bad for him
So you're saying he should be in trouble for mishandling classified information?
Yeah because the invasion of mainland Japan would have so peaceful.
huh, i just refreshed and it's greyed out..... i wonder what that means...
Aqua Victoriam
24 years since I attended 2 years since name removal
I mean I can't always be drinking...
Waiting to open presents and I think they're awesome, so yeah, upvotes all around!
I remember playing the Payday 2 demo on a GT 210.
All these keybinds in the comments make me sad that my keyboard doesn't have macro keys :(
You seem to have missed my point, I'm saying they use that as an excuse to go after him if he "crosses a line" which isn't actually related to the money but some other reason that they deem him too dangerous to be the chief executive.
Shaman and Warlock have none, tri-class cards aside.
Apparently, blowing up Alderaan was a big wake up call
You can also use scripts
Honestly I liked it more than My Shot, because at least she remained true to the source material, whereas Busta rhymes changed the lyrics to make it like every other rap song about gangs, all he kept was the chorus, and that didn't even sound good
We've had 2 of those seasons since 2008 thank you very much.. But yeah, your point is fair.
Shouldn't the police be competent enough with their weapons to not accidently shoot anyone?
I like it better than cope mint.
In most games, it's in the visual options menu.
Real rednecks don't have proms
Nb4 Rammus voice lines are changed to be feminist propoganda
Youtube.
same here
Power word: tentacles.
Oh man, are you in for a treat once you get into SolidWorks.
Obviously it's in a time capsule package, even our great grandkids would be able to use it as fresh as the day it was made!
Isn't that what you want?
Only because most of us were lonely teens with way too much time and no sex life then.
More than Dragic trusts yours
DMo isnt playing for you guys?
They probably got fired, the manager found someone that will work for free.
People who know PS know what to do.
This has to be satire
And you come off as the voice of wisdom and fairness.
Pulse had a similar deal
That 5th hole by Alonso beautiful and deserved because of how much he does for this team
That doesn't sound right, but I don't know enough about stars to dispute it.
More diedotated wam?
That's pretty damn wet.
Cat.
Probably the same way the Liberals have reformed the Senate: just start doing it, and hope that by the time you leave power whatever change you have made has enough "weight" to keep around.
Because not everyone's an asshole.
that is utterly disgusting.
Now who's oversensitive?
well it really only turns into a hot war at the end of the arc
Should have added
I am still half awake and thought it said "84 year old pregnant woman in Florida gets Zika" Good lord that would be impressive
Forge a doctor's note
You damn nucks ruin everything
Can't forget the goalies
Okay but after that their focus has clearly shifted.
No sorry, go go go!
When ejaculating
Looks like you got the misfire, am I right?
Will you ever get imaginators?
Please specify the movie and joke in your post
Both.
Pyramids that were totally for storing grain.
Why
I think you mean Sanskrit.
no what is it
Fingers crossed, eh?
Could we get a post with De Leon's strikeouts from yesterday?
Fuck off with your Scotch name you haggis wearing, kilt eating Dunblane having nessy.
They are still made in China there is some reason they are allowed to put Made in the USA on there
Just invite an uncontrollable number of refugees from that region and I'm sure it will lower the chances of that happening, it's simple.
No that would be too many sacked managers.
Thats more then a shoot out thats 2 dudes standing in a open field with mg42s
I can't tell what's more tragic: That this imaginary scenario is worse than a blind goat with PTSD, the insensitivies towards a blind goat with PTSD, that I'm even considering this, or that I more interested in knowing why you spelt "duck" with an x as in "duxk".
If there was another recession I think those dependents would march on the capitol, patience with bureaucratic and the self-serving upper class is very thin right now.
Lagania*
Chicago Bulls.
I thought they agreed to suspend the strike for Tuesday?
Oh cool!
I've heard that a lot of retirement homes are full of sex thanks to the wonders of viagra.
This man rubs salt to my wounds in such a loving way I can't be mad.
Glory for the sontarn empire!
**Black Friday** all vendors sell items at 33% off.
Not at all.
You should totally just give it to me
Greenists are mostly impotent or outright sterile, so it will be a thin and sickly herd.
Aaaannnnnd he fumbled on the next play I think.
Who said anything about Muslims?
Look at what remains of your gallant scouts!
She did that several times.
Glad you told us
is corey price playing tomorrow for the habs?
Let's bring back smallpox, which would kill 1/3 of all children!
I'm concerned about our president not using nuclear bombs.
"I know so much about the election, I watch John Oliver and CNN after dinner!"
Energy.
it just means he has to work as a dishwasher for the one in gretna.
LiveLeak.
It's like runescape with less voice actors!
Just call Sigint at 148.41 for the deets.
That's exactly what I just said, using the same standard at both ends results in a straight cable.
Hopefully someone in prison will make his life a whole lot harder.
How did the ancient civilizations who made these know the areas would be vacation hotspots?
Sounds like a scene from a Frozen-themed porno.
User number 5567912 Ik right glad someone agrees
It's a proper documentary voice.
IT'S NOT SUCCESFUTL BECAUSE INTERNALIZED RACIMS OPRESSIION SHITLORD
Get yourself a chainmail glove and hope for the best
why can't we have an exotic pair of boots that give you warlock jump?
Love :)
Ya man, don't you know that when you break your foot just take some aspirin and walk it off?
You can already tell who the gamer in the family is gonna be !
Had a CM get a full on rampage this way after us 4 retard cores wiped across the map and were all calling GG.
why is the Apple Watch gift card worthless?
Yeah, and if money hits the floor you are supposed to burn it as respect.
Why is OP's mom so fugly?
But have you tried hugs?
Adobo is delicious.
Windows 10 isn't a mess in itself, but many laptops simply don't support it due to driver issues, even when the installer eagerly tells you they do.
Uhh... We're not part of the UA system, Lafayette.
He can be my Jew in a Shoe.
I'm not even sure myself.. Actually was being
I have my moments.
Reminds me of a raccoon.
Something, something, it's her turn.
Houd op met mij te volgen
I was just thinking about this image.
TOUCHDOWN SEAHAWKS!
It's not like there was any negative intentions involved there, so I'm not really bothered by it.
Time speeds up when you're playing Civ.
*thinks* I am one of 13,045,940 online *wonders why I thought*
I was going for a Scott Pilgrim reference with the Seven Evil Execs but that works too
You should see the apologists on R/news.
I doubt she HAS private positions other than those that can help her accumulate money and power.
No I think the mouse does that.
And they'll do anything when the time's right Ugh, Faker, you're makin' it harder, better, faster, stronger.
Hit send on email, that's how I ended mine
I was so amped I mowed the front lawn to clear my mind for a moment
Fine Jesus fucking Christ, I'm sick of your shit already
*smiles* *hands a small robot too dave*
Just wait until it de-rails.
Well this is different in 6.22 but previously BF first was s bad buy compared to the dirk users.
And what is *that* supposed to mean?
PTR is completely unconnected from any of the main region servers.
More like CUCKcoo lol
.....
Big game for ertz
I'm pretty sure it was more something like "campaign for me and I won't destroy your life".
made her look like a bumbling henchman from a disney movie who is only there for comic relief.
you left out the part where that one party who is openly saying it, is also forgetting to provide actual evidence to support it
Well, if it's a cop, they really didn't mean to do anything wrong, so obviously you let them off.
Yeah, that pesky Constitution's a bitch ain't it?
When did the majority of voters from both parties agree upon him?
I'd infinitely prefer it to my parents telling me what to do and busting my ass on schoolwork and not getting paid for it.
Feel free to share as a comment!
Craaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaawk
they look decent, plus she probably is wearing a sports bra so the fact we can still see some definition means they are probably pretty big
The "Worlds" of CoD has happened three times and I think the Koreans have combined for a total of one map.
"Fuck the NFL, this one is for Tommy" -Jules, probably
Are you Farage fan?
Is it really possession when all of it is in your bloodstream
Trade KD, waive Steph, and send klay to d league Build around the great zaza
Nah, Soros loves our race, he has an Asian wife!
I've gone to Home Depot a hell of a lot more than I ever thought...
Thanks for not being a jerk about it!
I didn't say Clinton directed Black.
I actually counted them
How much does it cost, though?
What a dumbfuck.
nasty
The norm smith medalist from this year was a rookie also, I believe
I'll check this out tonight...
Anyone who thinks Jack Swarbrick should be fired is a fucking loon.
What is shutting down an entire half of an ice rink?
Nerevar should have come here!
they changed his ult name back
But socialism just means a really big government.
Oh now come on, can't you see these fans, without access to any actual medical data, can obviously tell that Chancellor is faking his injury to hurt the team?
Looks like wccftech was right after all.
A couple on the OL, CB/LB/WR going off of BPA
I mean TBH im fine being friends with a girl who doesnt want a relationship/being friends with someone who wants more than a friendship with me, its just common courtesy and social skills to understand that they dont just instantly stop liking you, so you shouldnt talk to them about other relationships.
Galaxy Note 8, now twelve inches long
Best theory so far
Glove save and a beauty!
Cute
There is no such thing as a temporary work-a-round.
Did the right thing sure, but not in the right way.
Well shit man
Federation Force 2 you say...
Yep, when Saban was coaching LSU
Nope just meming.
I'm not even sure the Rams offense woke up three times so they should be calling you anytime
Yeah, that's why the elderly make such informed decisions.
I had to google it, but that's certainly clever and suits the use quite well.
That game right there is why I started drinking heavily.
This would not have happened in Ashburton Grove.
Guys... Has anyone thought about going to war against something like this?
GRRM phonebanking: "Listen, if you vote for Hillary Clinton I'll tell you how it ends."
WE'RE NOT ASKING FOR A WORK OF ART EVERY GO WE'RE USED TO PEDANTIC PENGUIN SO THE BAR IS SET PRETTY LOW
That is why we believe so many heinous things about people like Sanders.
Construction is applied Engineering, which is applied Physics, which is applied Math, which is applied Logic.
That if some thick vaguely jizzlike stuff is on the outside of the condom after sex, it doesnt mean that the condom has a leak - theres something about vaginal secretions and condoms that can generate some semenlike stuff.
And wholesale coaching changes
Miller's mask is really nice.
Your previous comment didn't seem to indicate you actually hold that belief.
Reagan also never had any email scandals or private servers likeHillary Clinton!
Hardly
yung patilya ba nakakain?
Cox for edelman
suspended for playoffs
Game runs bad for anyone, no matter what specs you have
Pm me
*air horn*
if you have a solid evidence then send it to support via email, this will most likely ensure the ban of such person
The high end AMD cards aren't out yet, unless you want to buy a last gen Fury X. I would just wait for Vega and see how they compare against the 1070 and 1080.
A lot can happen this weekend and championship week.
And bite them off
Silly boy, you can't be a hairstyle!
Isn't there an online game for this?
There were major sects before the organization of catholicism
It would be like Batman walking away from Gotham because someone killed a girl he liked...
is zikz a great coach or a bad coach i cant tell
"The 'G' is for 'DPMS'."
Where's the keyboard at though?
A stupid hippie, an anti-libertarian libertarian, a criminal/idiot who denies both titles which are the only reasons she's not in jail due to motive/memory, and a loud mouth idiot all running for president.
Except in quite a lot of cases it seems, it does.
And Chinese too.
I use it to keep in contact with people without writing pointless texts like "how are you today".
Well shit.
Very intelligent debate right here.
it does very slightly resemble the flag of the British Union of Fascists
buy cars then sell it on the blackmarket
Anyone could give me more details on the candidates/parties?
I'm assuming the game next week will be the nationwide late game outside of AZ, SF and SD?
Cool story bro.
That's some top tier narcissism right there.
Base health regen is stringer than auto damage, resulting in a net stall in damage output
What about dinner lines?
Even mijn inbreng voor wat betreft de bittergarnituur; laat de garnituur maar weg, alleen bitterballen lijkt mij voldoende.
Stop shit posting then?
Prolly yes.
Rito announced Aatrox buffs in preseason?
Yare yare daze...
I should get a SD-Card reader, the one in my Galaxy is a nightmare when trying to transfer files.
Too many horror stories about broken bones, nerve damage, and partial paralysis.
Love it, very Spooky.
It's rigged because brown people shouldn't be able to vote.
If that's the case, *Heller* is also void and you cannot have guns for personal or home defense.
And your expertise on the concerns of Saudi women comes from where?
The facts have a well-known liberal bias.
With all of YouTube's demonitization and other drama lately anyone want to bet they take no action to a racist YouTube channel which uses fake scenarios to spread racism?
I dunno, I'd ask trumps economic advisers because they are all heavy donors and billionaires, but hey, whatev's.
Well, it was quite a good show
we'll give them Huertas and Jose.
They have the same range as hunters though.
Not saying you have to run, but lining up in shotgun pretty much tells the other team "hey we're going to pass right now".
Yeah in PCMR context that's pretty stupid
Give it a try
Slim only outputs 4k video Scorpio isn't even released yet, and will allegedly play 4k games
That is dumb on a couple levels
lol, you know where you are right?
No problem.
Yeah he's a male so it's his fantasy...
He's the President-elect, and wouldn't be meeting these people otherwise.
Mine said I was a 5 Star General.
Ow my eye hurts now.
I mean we gotta pay attention so that our Q usage is adequate.
At the very least, your installed apps should be at the top.
I mean, be realistic, he should be put to work.
I would prefer to hit zombies with a dog shit covered stick than re use or recycle.
Yeah dabbing was sooo cool before white people got their hands on it
7au circle around SH1.
I think it could be a BBC
Any relation to the JD of yore?
My bad guys, not the film room but instead film review, I'm pretty sure there's a guy who does YouTube reviews called "The Film Room", this is not that
If Mandela and BLM are terrorists, then so were the American revolutionaries.
I only have Windows installed on that drive.
My man.
Haha, she wasn't the fat one tho...
But the next shit CoD will be out by then, but for low deluxe edition of $100 you can get our shit game and MW2 remastered
Yes, but that's not what you said.
I was there later in the day during a week day, so maybe it was better then?
There are counters for almost anything.
Man, Australia has a lot of old racist ladies.
it just gives extra armor to creeps which might end up making ur opponents miss last hits, also helps with creep equilibrium but tbh if you arent sumail youre prolly gonna be better off getting a wraith band
I do believe that a 4 mana 7/7 totem sporting the "deal with it" shades and dual wielding tommy guns with hexproof to be in the realm possibility
Just you wait until they release the "Your Combos trigger twice"-minion, it'll make this card so much better!
That's why you max slot 5, kids
After tonnes of statistics that show how near-half and half the situation is in Scotland AND how one of the most convincing arguments was "if we leave it's no-go for the EU" in the No Campaing... well.. Allow me to quote John Cena and say: ARE YOU SURE ABOUT THAT?
I bet you're right.
You forgot the
I'm more concerned why you're taking a young atrophied Tenno into a dark corner
No, could I not wait until 70?
This guy just robbed a house, right?
eh, i think the fact that his metric for who's to live and to die was how rich somebody is kinda works against you here.
You forgot Specialists... 3/8
I'd rather vote Burrito Supreme.
Won't know until I do it.
Probably want to keep the Lions from getting hot?
caught?
Mhmm what Thinkpad is that
*kanye delivers rant of the century* *ends it with a HAAAAAAAANNNNNHHH*
Shit I wish I could make 40k by having slightly lewd cosplay.
Now that is a creative idea
12/10 with aj
Hasn't he mulliganed practically all of the hand he campaigned on by now?
The outside has infinite surface area but it has a managably small volume and bounds for convinient viewing.
We're r/radiohead now
Maybe Valentine's Day so Scott and Hope can use the suits interestingly... I.. i have to go sit down for a while..
Oh yeah coz that's cost effective when trying to raise money for charity
Quality casting
Or injured
My idea of being "turned on" seems different to yours.
Now people will start taking pen geb seriously
Not yet
A conference championship means more than three top 10 wins and a loss to a top 10 team rather than a loss to a 8-4 team?
Watch the fake
In the case of buying a house,for now the interest is deductible and the value of the house should increase over the life of the loan.
"TJ McConnell Upvote Party" Upvote Party!
Obviously a guitar pick
But but... government regulations!
This assumes there is a single gene responsible for "those eyebrows"
Oh shit
The human eye can't even see 60fps ...
Is paintball a sport?
Charcandrizard Stiff Arm - ATT 45
*Nice*
forgot to add
Glad they were able to thoroughly investigate those 650,000 emails in 9 days.
If anything raw is lacking a top face.
We'll never see an LBJ-Goldwater electoral map again :(
it's not horrible but you can sometimes fall out of it.
Lol I love my Eastside Bronco Wrs but I would definitely take DT and Sanders over Marshall and Decker for the next 4 seasons including this one.
owie
Obama campaign on Hope and Transparency and look how that turned out.
Just do it.
Quite clearly this is because they brought in the locker room disrupter, Subban!
Breaking: States with more than just uneducated white men becoming a problem for Trump.
have a gtx 480
I have nex presets and I only have the default 5
This is addressed somewhat with the Kiva API.
Being tolerant doesn't mean tolerating lying bigots.
He's absolutely right, you can't do anything, because you believe his bullshit.
GradeAUnderA is absolutely hilarious to watch.
A friend of a friend lives in a small village about an hour from an important city - she's never been to the city, and she's about 40.
Verstappen kills Alonso.
if somebody is secretly going on birth control because they know their partner wants kids but they don't, they shouldn't even be together at all.
seriously when will our culture drop the fucking boob plates already uuugh
Thanks Bernie!
HAHAHAHA Every post I have made here that even slightly detracts from the running r/politics narrative gets downvoted into oblivion in under 5 minutes, just like this one probably will.
Similar strategy was very successful in Northern Ireland.
... oh wait
Saving gas bro
My phone has 8 terabites and its only made in Japan
Not having backups sucks.
We are past the ''buy p90 rush b cyka'' meta.
why would you kick a guy who can do things like this?
She has the money to do it all
Not as a beta tester - nor in the vanguard, that's for sure.
Shocker.
Maybe.
I'm a level five white paladin.
I don't see him in this picture?
Defunding the diversity office for a year is a far FAR different thing from being within Title IX compliance.
Maybe he did a vote swap with one of the Bushes.
That moment when "Glass Panel case" is considered a feature.
I was once molested by an 80 year old woman who left me a tip.
Viral is terrible compared to the original, other than the fantastic Paralled Universe segment.
Well, shit.
Anyone who doesnt bring beer to my BBQ must eat cole slaw.
The line probably pokes through the cup and connects on the other side, duh
Why not both?
Is this new?
"this is what happens larry"
YOU CAN RUN BUT YOU CAN'T HIDE, BITCH
wsb is a part of the ironic fake news celebration subreddits
he said once, "HI GUYS" it was Gosu's donation sound
Heartseeker Vayne
That's the one.
I use nitrogen for setting background, has a nice gui for selecting images and changes are instant.
I can't wait to donate to the sketchy non profit I never heard of before shopping/working here
Should've stayed in school
Me too
Number one at the top of the humble list
That's what I do, it's probably not optimal, but I like my irons how they are.
Yeah, it's hard to see why black people in this country would think that racism is rampant...
Or eat a bullet.
Yeah I'd still be sticking with my phenom ii for another year of not for the phenom iis having issues with sse4 in modern games.
Those people also aren't officially representing a school involved in the game or being paid to model sportsmanship to young people.
This right here is the key.
Ok Trump troll have fun ignoring what your Orange Slice says and what his media says
I'll take "things that shouldn't have worked" for 300 please.
Would like video proof of it going worse please
How is your podcast?
Upper or lower deck?
Weird question, in the video, when the cars run into each other, are the loud "bang" noises added or is that actual audio?
Lol
Alternatively, it could also work as the Trump campaign victory song!
He's more of a liberal.
radial doesnt function, right click does so i dont know if i agree with you
I don't know about you guys, but I'm excited for minor text fixes!
There's honestly too many to have only 1 mvp
Not the tough KM but good job anyway!
Red Dead Revengeance
But what good are they without arms... can't even be basic bait since they don't have flesh...
The real battery life was removed from the App Store btw
Their goal is to get it to SCOTUS so they will overturn Roe v Wade
heres your
35mm is about as standard of a film size as it gets.
She's goes so far out of her way to try to be "fancy".
or woman*
I'm a weedle and spearow guy myself.
either way, shocking that a British actor would fly between two very important acting hubs, it MUST be for GoT
*laughs at people who put neons under their cars, goes and buys RGB LED strips for his PC* - that's the mentality of the PC "enthusiast" for the love of god I couldn't find a single decent case without a windowed side panel to buy; and HDD sleds that weren't the other way around - looking at you NZXT Source 530
###!
She's gonna try and get a piece of that friendship!
Yeah this is definitely all his fault...
This is r/explainlikeimcalvin quality
Really breaks the immersion as it was a common practice on the battlefields of WWI.
T R I G G E R E D
Even if you're a man, wear a black veil.
343 should nerf the accuracy for the BR it's accountable for competitive and BTB.
No, this one belongs to a local pinball parlor which has 15 other tables, though it could be mine if I had an extra $3500 lying around...
That's pretty ridiculous, may as well take your chances on it getting stolen (or get a boomerang type device).
That would be pretty wild and kind of cool.
Wait is that supposed to drop today?
MiB and Teddy vs Water Temple... #CONFIRMED
If anything they will release MvC 3 first.
2000s Iso is way more fun to watch than today's era of centers chucking up 5 3pters a game anyways imo
Nox emissions isn't affecting the climate...
Honestly i liked the 70mg Vyvanse so you could take 3 at a time and be fine lol just do the lowest dose youll need because tolerance is ass
^^That's^fucking^deep^bro
Neat.
If that's the case why didn't they include physical discs as well?
Same I picked up Jamo Chowda
He looks like he's getting a clue.
He didn't put a towel over his head so that we could have a better view of him sobbing
But sadly, through media manipulation and a biased DNC, it got stolen from us.
I think she may see the writing on the wall and drop out for 'health reasons'
We are going to need a standard for this markup.
What is Thanksgiving?
Wtf, this dude has no sex life and pushing it on others makes him feel better.
An actually good game this time
Look mate, I'm on a budget here, gotta get drunk somehow.
If it's not Dane Coles its not the ABs
PC+Nintendo for life
I am upgrading my motherboard most probably a z170
Open secrets says more like half, but I am guessing that doesn't include superpacs?
looks opaque to me
But it's all about the a e s t h e t i c ~~ so artsy!
Browse this sub
*hears Evanescence in the background*
just DO IT.... hrrrrghhhhh
I never understood why the Nitro was considered a 'garbage' skin, but I loved it all the same.
Forget *what* happened?
take a pitch, captain canada
After the prequel episodes, yes, but I like Caboose being told to protect alpha, and him interpreting it as meet your new best friend forever.
But this bug is there since ios 9 :(
Right... Because their entire fund comes from tickets
Good teams capitalize on botched plays
Texting.
Looks like someone has been paying attention to their copybook.
I done but he was speaking king French at Dinamo.
Frack right in the gas hole.
Thanks, the kindness of Redditors always manages to fend of what I suspect is the ever-creeping suicidal thoughts.
Oh, the iISS?
I'm bracing for the Abbott spill and this shit storm that comes with it
As a rengar main, I am beyond excited to leave only a trail of bodies.
Oh god I hope so.
to be fair her dmg is really sick and from my experience she has pretty good scaling because of her passive ive seen ppl die to r e + passive proc many times
I am Lord Bolton.
He was also apparently never cold, hot, tired, hungry or gasey.
if it's a dirt cheap splitter you might get some delay but usually they don't produce any more response time than there is already
Crawling?
India di pendi fuddi
Projection.
YES
'*hand gestures "i am watching you"*
Okay what would a fried steak be?
When Jhootly and call drop mantri fails to auction spectrum to its potential and loot the exchequer.
The one and only
O
Only fine wine and spirits here friend, welcome to real world (of warcraft)
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH GTA V WON'T TAKE 15 HOURS NOW
Australian here, Medicare isn't quite as comprehensive as the NHS but it covers what we need.
Please do it as super fast as you can, every second is another chance for me to disconnect and throw my iPad across the room.
Just wait for the pseudo-sequel, Cars meet the Minions
i hope you will be able to pillage them with Great Musicians :D
I'll be watching for a Darwin Award from a cat knocking that thing off on to your head
Technically he is, he identifies as Muslim.
And I have gold damage, I must be doing everything right!
Congratulations, you're still uneducated :) Happy Holidays to you and yours.
Username checks out.
Better spread those butt cheeks!
It's a reference to The Lego movie - super glue.
Beacuse corporations consist's of humans.
What build are you running?
The comments are cancer on there.
You sound more Canadian than finnish tbh
Also when he gained attack speed the more cooldown reduction he had
Lol so let's ask the same politicians who are in bed with the corporations to solve the issue
If i really was Vettel or Alonso for a small time, i'd rather do something else than choose this lol \#ifyoucatchmydrift
Chinese GP didn't have a lot of visitors for the past 2 years
No way didn't expect that at all
Shadow Man also says that if they manage to win the war, they'll simply cease to exist....not sure if a bluff or if he's legit, but given the whole Multiverse/Multidimensional wibbly wobbly timey wimey stuff and Richtofen hunting down "the right versions of people to cut off all other dimensions" I'm gonna take his word on it, at least for now
But it really happened.
The gang breaks Dee.... again.
But then I have to AIM... rip
How very rude.
This was the year Roman started pumping money into their club, the year the BPL chsnged and not for the better.
Yeah but not good enough to whine and complain about it all the time.
This is like Obama supporting a Kim Kardashian presidency.
He just goes home and rolls deep in Ciara...same effect.
Knowledge.
Oh Civ, never change.
White asian oh my god &lt;3
Grey Murcielago too.
Same, I'll never be on the front lines with two measly monitors.
Yes, letting a 47 years old fuck a 15 years old is very progressive
She's gorgeous but that tip breaking is a terrifying thought
That's sucks
MASTER OF CRUELTIES ONLY KNOWS DEATH, NOT PRINCESSES
I'm referring to the case where someone began to synthesize MSG.
Speed of wave on a string = sqrt(tension/linear mass density) Speed of sound = sqrt(bulk modulus/density) = sqrt(gamma*gas constant* temperature/molar mass of gas)
Did she try and shave her legs with a rusty spoon?
Fake
I want to tweet this thread at everyone who works on the Android team at Google.
Missed an aolong pun tho :)
You're right - I think it was easier when I started, they then re-jigged the ranking system and then I was noob according to it again and now, after so much play I am back to near enough my peak of mid 2015 as far as ranking is concerned.
C'mon man, it's not even thanksgiving yet!
Christmas Tree gains are real.
Just normal head...but their dog was in the room, on the bed, licking my hand the entire time and any time I moved the dog moved to my hand and licked... Guys, I love my pets just as much as anyone, but when it comes to sexual stuff, they're locked out of the room.
It was 1.6...not the greatest but above
well...I'd rather Hunwick get the press box...but glad Carrick in.
One of the best things about a wired headset is that it's attached to your phone, so you don't even have to look for it.
Malnutrition is a bitch.
I thought that said milk and I was just picturing him walking out of the store carrying milk and his fans going apeshit about how amazingly smooth it was the way he walked out of the store carrying the milk.
His degree is accredited from the West Coast Commission of Non-Accredited Schools.
I still find it really funny that, by their 3rd pick of the 2012 draft, the Redskins spent a fortune on RGIII and then took his successor.
Drinking a beer on a xwing
Ballgame Maggle.
I'd say that's a wonderful deal!
Which is like saying that the sky is blue.
This is useful for suicide bombers.
video is private
There are a few overlapping factors about breasts: they're right there and easy to self-check, and they are all-around loved by just about everyone for different reasons.
:)
I demean her and don't even try to understand her, and suddenly she's all periody!
I can't believe people have expectations for a movie based on the three previous movies in the series!
cat
Another Canuck here, I feel like the damsel in distress who gets kidnapped by the bad guy in an action movie
I was confused by that too...
Yay - even back in 2010 we knew that opinions are gold and facts don't matter.
We should give them all medals for being so restrained
Yeah she should just accept all the benefits of equality while also holding onto the benefits of traditionalism.
I've had this downloaded for a week
I am not sure how this gentleman is still employed with TPS?
Dumplin says hello.
Nice to see someone not talking shit about the Rhino for once...
Apparently Jersey are inviting UEFA over to discuss their application later this year.
Yes, but the scary part is that I accepted it as real before I saw the name of the site it came from...
Bill Nye
Joe Rogan
Hell, even the word "indefinitely" in the title suggests that.
142.7D games you play with my heart
Get atomic fire just in case.
From?
Yes the CBC partisan misinterpreted what he said.
ah yes comrade seize the means of production
9.5/10
Git gud
Super Paper Mario.
One of the few low points on a Korn album
Yeah, I know ... that "longest battery life in a smartphone" shit is just cringeworthy!
So I take it you are in favor of repealing the Fair Housing Act?
Uh, in Diablo is you die on hardcore the character is deleted.
Autoloading 8 extended especially.
I would just laugh and stare at then while you put your weights on the bar.
Trinity Boost + Certified Polygonal + Octane Distortion + 2 Keys
B-but his *brother*
Guess that Republican getting attacked at a Trump rally didn't really happen then huh.
I ain't voting for either one of these R/D jokers, do I get a Medal of Bravery or something for going 3rd party?
Why the fuck is she in a CJ class if she obviously hates the CJ system and the police?
Just summon Jonas Gray...
Good, with an attitude like that I personally don't want you here.
assassins creed 6: Ezio is a zombie now
I mate drunk ain't!
Well I'll just regress because I feel like we've made ourselves perfectly redundant
He better get a life jacket though.
lol nice shitpost
haha it's like a semi hump too lmao so funny
Opinions.
GREAT
From the show Westworld
interesting
Chocolate milk made me gain 10 lbs a while back.
Megadeth- Rust in Peace Amon Amarth- Twilight of the Thunder God
For the glory.
The price you pay for assurance that there's no Human Growth Hormone in your dairy and beef!
I love NY.
Well, obviously, there's a rapist in Lincoln Park.
I had to enable hardware acceleration in Chrome to see it in its full glory.
You forgot this:
There are early examples of two handed swords in the 13th century, also a single handed sword can be used with two hands, depending on the pommel Shape
We just have a lot of public land is all.
They were funny, no doubt.
Ahaha yes it's a human social memetic virus!
So you think ISIS is fake?
By address it is Ann Arbor.
A former professor of mine was fond of saying that education is the only market where the customer is out to get as little as possible for his money.
When I saw Inside out for the first time.....oh god, loved the movie btw
I'll believe that when I see it!
That teaches you for trying to install viruses on everyone's computer!
He's posted this same thread repeatedly for way longer than a week, it gets really old seeing the same conversation over and over again.
Nope, just the soulless demonic claws of evil wolves.
If I can't be sanctimonious then what's the point of hating both sides?
Does Bruno Mars is gay?
I'm a Sombra Main
Nationalism is nazi, you nazi!
Reminds me of MW's DEI days
Samuel Colt made her equal, and her intellect took her beyond.
I dont get it
Wish we'd grabbed Pulkkinen instead
I had gold once... didn't even notice till it ran out lol.
i thought the same :D
Stop stalking me
Team: Critical of Clintons Kooking
OH LUUUUURD
The ultrasonic cleaner tank is probably the size of a swimming pool so you can do all the windows at once without removing them from the vehicle.
Yes, go on and attack the user and this sub, that makes total sense.
Seems a bit too slow for "instant" karma, closer to 60 seconds...
Looks like the tower from the end of Ghost Busters
Old man rambles about our main character at the bar, and then asks for some more of that good sarsaparilla.
Yes it is a joke for sure.
a proprietary projectile for a proprietary gun on a proprietary ship... but why oh why are things getting so expensive?
So the Milner goals that were "ruled out" above also count?
Wow Detroit is gonna love that AAV
Brian burke called for Henrik Sedin when he meant to pick Daniel
"Texans rejected that rayciss and still voted down the ballot like Ted Cruz said"
Not pictured: the booth where CTR is handing out the money to all those $hills.
Stop playing the woman card.
Someone's going to fuck this up and call CPS
Thanks for supporting linux!
Thats totally likely
because no one ever threatens Trump
These girls will do great in a STEM field.
He isn't an NA player, he's an NA resident, and he's free to change his residency back to EU, but then he would be an import in NA again.
I wish the person playing me would just quickly press `up` `up` `down` `down` `left` `right` `left` `right` `B` `A`
Sean and Thorin did an interview like a few months ago lol
I was there that night, remember nothing about that match :(
I think the texans play it every game for JJ
*Trash Panda
What are you talking about, this is the standard movie commercial break method
No man, it's a style of hair invented in Africa around 6000 DC, every single PoC uses it since the dawn of time, being the most sacred ritual of the homogeneous continent, and someone who isn't PoC should die for even thinking of appropriate their sacred culture.
sorry forgot
Tanus
Context?
I assume OP is the kind of person that thinks public breast feeding is hurting society.
Blasphemy!
Rawls
Sellout!
Yeah, apparently we are not a lot of people to like reasonably sized phones.
He was correct.
Best use of the momentum in titanfall that I've ever seen.
Oh so sorry I thought it was someone else since I see people take others artwork commonly.
Yee boi fuck fat bois
Just like every poor person is most likely involved in gang activity.
Yeah 500ml will take less than a minute to boil in an Aussie kettle
Could we throw election fraud under treason as well?
Good taste.
"Free"
Ok thanks
Yep, I abuse the fuck out of it.
I like the style and artwork but the music is lacking.
What ?
Most people have fun without posting on youtube and reddit though lulz.
For a taunter, STH all the way.
Those... Those are stars
Yes you can report them through Steam but it requires a lot of people reporting them for any action to take place.
...shit
Hi Hines!
Photoshopped.
Well Im sure this will all get drowned out among all the election hoopla, b/c, you know, it's just a little rigging; I mean c'mon everyone does it.
Yeaah definitely a fridge with upgraded camera sensor and LCD display.
So it wasn't about race then, it sound like if the white people had off names, such as Zultan, then they wouldn't have received a call back either.
But I thought the taxi and phone booth were iconic images of Scotland!
Skip the sudafed, just go straight to meth!
wahoo--tis unfortunate but oh well :/
**IF YOU'VE GOT NOTHING TO HIDE YOU'VE GOT NOTHING TO FEAR**
Stealing a play from North Korea!
Can't think of a dessert big enough to house a nuke.
Why not have the third version as a sequel instead of a re-telling like previous third versions?
I think the given is that this is chapter 849, so oda will have something bug for 850, so there'll be a break before, and a break after for new year
Because it's done right.
Even the doggo is like, "Hey, I love you too buddy!"
Looks like the majority of the thread is people answering that it's either a nonsensical question, or just genuinely baffled as to how it has any relevancy to anything at all.
Inb4 four straight turnovers
This is still not worse than actually voting for her.
Or a bunch of gnomes in a hoodie
I thought for a second you were in Virginia because my mother said someone came into her work Halloween night in a jellyfish costume that lit up like yours does.
Uh, what?
Actually I think you'll find that if you check attenhal's emails he did mention Clinton, and wetworks, and we really do have two options when we vote on November 28th: yes or no to making America great again.
Now that's an old reference right there
Hmmm, I wouldn't mind getting one of these and throwing zealios switches on it
Yeah but how dare you!
You'll never know
I already have one
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA COMEDIC GENIUS
B...but...muh risotto!
Blessed alliance Elspeth suns champion Path to exile Pithing needle Worship Runed halo
Darn, ya got me
Spots to checkout that are along your route: -Cadillac Ranch -Petrified Forest NP -Meteor Crater in Winslow AZ -Amboy CA -Death Valley NP -Valley of Fire State Park -Page AZ area (Horseshoe Bend, Lake Powell, Antelope Canyon) -Grand Canyon NP -White Sands National Monument -Carlsbad Caverns NP
Oh god that's fucking gold XD I haven't laughed so hard in a while
On some they are too quiet, on others they are sort of muddy.
I've been pretty confident in her victory, but now that she's getting big crowds I'm worried..
Mistweaver is a healer, he dropped his
even if that is true, the comment might still hold water
A bitter and cynical asshole who won't get over Bernie.
No it wasn't, other movement penalties were removed but the basic attack penalty is still there.
Gotta love vandalism.
Such Star War
I'm sorry you have to deal with that man, get a lawyer and go with him to get the car transferred, its agonizing I know, but you'll be rid of them when you do.
Poor Freddy... His face looks like it was kicked with an actual boot leg.
My favorite show and my favorite tv parents!
Let me guess, the grandpa is Ctrl-X?
Wank it a lot
Get Rotgut back together
Mostly embarrassing for Valve since they're the ones who gave little notice to everybody else.
Yes because I want all cards in my hand to be over 4 mana in arena
Birds that are badass or accomplish great feats: Cassowary Tern Cormorant Peregrine (falcon) Starling (they're amazing mimics and great survivors!)
if you need addons then you are terrible LOL
But that won't really do anything, it's usually the judge who will waive the sentence or what should be had, not the officer, so it's the judicial system you'd have too look at and not the legal system.
Just glad the autopilot killed the engine in time.
wat
Put Saudi on it while you're at it.
you dropped this
Well, we might not need to bring them back, as the lion and other NPC-only classes were based on them and are still in the game.
+1, alam mo din yung technique lmao
Warriorsssss *
Now that's living life to the fullest
And beer.
You could just put a tiny hole on the black dots.
That face when you're so insecure of how you look that you can't bear to take a normal picture of yourself to post on this sub but still want human interaction that isn't being baptized by a school toilet so you make this retarded face to cover it up.
This was definitely in my top 200 reasons why I voted for Trump.
What graphics card?
Someone got outplayed.
feels good man
Did you speak to dave too?
Judging by what they did to Alicia Machado, Nancy may not want to come forward.
Looks better than many that get posted here.
Get familiar and start the oppo research on Tom Cotton and Kris Kobach.
As am I, but in the guard position, I could use a guard
we all have bad taste
Double Dick Dude
yea change it for a week plz
DAE The kid is a nazi
He could bang her if he played his cards right
Aren't all like this?
Hey, I took a giant shit today and it felt great, best shit ever, must have been nofap benefits lol.
Senna..
Did we mention we wanted BIG questions?
Step on it.
Everyone knows that Hanzo is key to a well-rounded team composition
The scrambled blood did not, I repeat, *did not* taste like scrambled eggs.
ye thats old, funny is that he's making 17k people listen to the microsoft support phone LUL
Considering that some of the dogs that cops have shot in my area include dachshunds, pomeranians, chihuahuas, miniature pinschers, and toy poodles, I don't think its the size that is intimidating the cops.
Have they pushed out performance updates already?
Nice to see homophobia is still alive and well
Maybe someone can create a law and name it after the pedestrian
I don't see a biological reason for Mewmans to have human form and not being compatible for mating
It has a movie?
Just watch his video's, his energy for the game seems not to have changed since he started.
Yeah totally comparable
I hope so, but probably not.
Live in a place where adequate water falls from the sky, and become a farmer.
No because you don't draw a card.
That guy looks like he parties
Then speak to Valve, cause they aren't offering funding that is competitive to Oculus, Oculus can get away with this
I still think it's bizarre that Pence wants a little evening entertainment from the same people he targets while in office.
You have to MAGA.
To be honest, that gun isn't practical at all at this point.
But he was blackmailed to endorse her or hilldawg would be even less progressive, so it's all good.
shhh stop messing with the narrative - this was a racist shooting bc all cops are racist and this guy was 100% in the right and was a good boy going to college and he didn't even own a gun
Maybe he likes cod and wanted to try it?
But the perpetual campaigning has just begun, ad nauseum
Not offended at all :)
Any decent player can kill you way before it locks on, you either need to find a bad player or catch someone off guard
Those things must've been ridiculously noicy.
Could you explain to me how first round tenders work?
You could not train a monkey to do that job.
Outside that function... $user_id = get_id_user($user_id); $user = get_user_from_id($user_id); I'm so sorry.
But your accounts are all on the same IP presumably, OP used a VPN which likely had varying IPs.
...or the remaining 19% populated the oceans to the brim.
Except in PGH
No me personally but there's been plenty of people here complaining about that.
The only problem with that thinking is that they're 'surrounded' by virtue of being a circular firing squad.
Peru will build their own server and pay for it.
Even if he did, at least he is in jail now.
Are we fulfilling the role previously known as "the rival" this time around?
Fuck you're OLED
Does this mean he moves forward quickly?
Bizarre that a sub supporting the president is somehow toxic.
It would happen at compile time regardless.
Eye can see you up there...
That doesn't mean he hasn't exposed the disgusting side of the alt right or that your comment doesn't shine as a perfect example.
Too bad it requires such a large teapot though.
#imwithzim
He's also neglecting to say that whole running his aoe spec his ST damage doesn't even come close to half a dozen classes at equal gear levels Like literally half the dps.
"It's just art bro"
Why would a comment about waffles not be serious?
Pretty common in Belgium and the Netherlands :)
Who would have thought those "bad hombres" might show up and vote.
Yeah, everybody knows there is no corruption, no collusion and no special interests in the world ... it's just those conspiracy nuts babbling about corruption and lizard people, idiots!
Right after Carrie Underwood, baby!
Ah, so this is a *team* sport.
When I say so peasant
What about Olympus has fallen or White house down ?
You sound like an American version of me!
I think you misunderstand what I'm saying, I'm agreeing with you
Great timing!
You can't keep blinking long enought to describe the pain I would say.
I agree
I had a mental illness flare up, working on getting better.
Its always nice to see new news
No, you did horribly
Oh, you mean some sort of...*Power Trick*?
That's what a Commie would say!
Correct.
Texas Looks pretty good
It's not democracy if people that disagree with me can vote!
See it's hypnotic BECAUSE it's repetitive.
I don't always use the word humanoid, but when I do, I make sure I'm photosynthesis
Absentee voting.
Well he's bad and he's ass, so I can agree with half of that
so can anyone explain the video before i watch?
LMAO!
I thought it was 21 minutes, making the hoarding much less of an issue.
Scott Foval...jumped ship after getting fired
Her mouth is 28.7 inches in circumference?
Yep, that's why I left a comment.
The judges would have also admited "bitching at friends and family BBQs"
###**TOMBSTONE CITY**
He's too busy canoodling with all our kids
Didn't Meek shout out Kemba recently?
Cleveland also blew a 3-1 lead despite a 70 year curse...
I wouldn't be surprised if both teams rebound, the hawks looked terrible to start a season or two ago.
yeah let's add 20 more components, why not.
BUT THERE'S A WAR ON CHRISTMAS FOX NEWS SAID SO!
New movie incoming: Saving private Charmander
Well that's a perfectly reasonable way to determine who I should vote for.
oh, you sweet summer child
Nein nein we took that after WW1 plus East Rumelia belongs to Greece!
Medium settings (TIL Hearthstone has graphics settings) and 2560x1600 resolution, that's the highest one available.
Easy, just forget non-zero based indexing.
Really, that is very generous of you.
Not working with kbpi :/
Yes, I'm sure a Trump government cutting solar subsidies and funding for green transport technologies wouldn't affect EM or his companies
That's a good way to get people to stop
wow
Plus, it's on a 30-second cooldown, so it's reliably up in almost all situations.
Release Nemesis says "Hi".
It's kinda funny you didn't bother mentioning Symmetra
Far Cry 1 was the beefiest games in 2004 as Crysis was in 2007
limited option*
Surely those are mutually exclusive!
I don't think you understood the joke before changing the title slightly and reposting
And some of them are government ministers.
In before jason borne.
So I guess it's possible to make enough gold in the second month, thanks
*YOU'RE CORPORATE NO PAWN
Votecastr is predicting Florida for Clinton by a good margin.
The modpack doesn't have either
My degree
100 % of time you get report from me.
But the Democrats are the fearmongers here because they make you afraid of the trump camp's racism and sexism.
I don't know about Dunkey or H3H3 but isn't part of the lack of fatigue towards Primitive Technology or JonTron because they don't publish new videos often?
Apparently my coworker who is seemingly always on break at the same time as me I'm sorry if this upset you
*Pet me
Even better.
After seeing what they did to Aleppo I can't imagine what "large-scale' must mean...
Yeah this is true he said some crazy Islamic stuff back in the day
Any 1070 is a good buy how is this even a question
*hint* patch notes *HINT*
Ohhhh, the old Mexican president, I forgot his name.
Lmao
As nice as that sounds, with the scale of Infinity War being immense, this is Marvel's one opportunity to introduce the Symbiote in Space rather than on Earth, I feel like unless Marvel is going the Secret Wars route (which they may in fact be doing) then this is the golden opportunity for him to get the Black Suit and do Venom some justice in a 2nd/3rd Spider-Man film.
But the game doesn't normally cost less than the expansion.
High quality mp3s and flac sound the same.
they made a car called a turbo in the year 911?
I didn't know that Patrick Warburton played Rainbow 6!
Gotta love that first past the post electoral system.
He could attack 2 minions and damage the hero twice .
I like his videos, but his editing is still shit cause he rushes the release of a video every day.
Clinton supporters can't afford fast camera phones, unfortunately.
There you go, now you're getting somewhere.
BWARK
He is the Kneemon King
Gute alte Zeit
That's easy to understand, the Koran is a short book.
no it says it hit the "operational room"
Und ich dachte ich kann wenigstens einigen trauen
I should have said
Jesus, I didn't think Christophe could get even pervier.
Better take a pic and report it for voter fraud
Everybody Loves Draymond
Makes sense, thanks!
Ctr in full force
Is this a Soros voting machine counter?
Just in case you were looking for an actual answer instead of a continuation of SpongeBob memes it's the fear of closed spaces.
Yeah fuck being able to communicate with the wider world and cross national boundaries and all that shit
Its like playing cs with a standing desk though
Nope, absolute base model.
Do you still have a screenshot of it?
Man, you must really love Windows Vista?
ooooh I see
sleep tight tucker
I hate how they portrayed the dopplers effect as some hardcore physics shit, I too have done middle school physics thanks.
PM'd
Wow you kick puppies like Giordano too, you nazi?
How it can be awesome if there's no muslims/africans there?
Social justice one two three woo woo I wanna be PC woo woo It's just the way to be for me And you woo woo Your hateful slurs are through woo woo I call woo woo on you woo woo We'll fight until you're PC black and blue woo woo We are language police Fighting bigotry Hurtful words can suck our turds Coz it's PC for me And You woo woo YYYEEAHH FUCK YEAH PC BRO
Ah, but that would mean herb prices never went up on my (high pop) server...
gotta fatten them up so you can hunt them later.
If those unaware and unprepared people were armed this wouldn't have happened!
10-Oct
I still regularly find matches in modern warfare two.
No way a 6 year old knows what ICE is.
Out of curiosity, what does George Soros, have to do with this election?
Please explain
Cnn is pure trash
This makes me wonder, we need a mod that makes settlers kneel when you approach.
Well that's not the Holiday Spirit ):
Depends on where you buy it from!
You don't think a bunch of noncitizens should vote?
wouldn't it be called PipMan then?
Dofus
Why dont we plant dinosaurs?
This is no time for a Joker.
Your order number is 001200316425, don't use transparent highlighter next time :P
i luv fob
Take whatever this is to r/TheRedPill, please.
Hello darkness my old friend.
Not gonna lie, no one can defend prime T-MAC except for lebron.
Anyone have Neil deGrasse Tyson's phone number?
'member Jayson Blair?
Aka archived
Cagliostro
I'm WALKIN' here
Call KFC, the triple down is back on the menu
Wen schert's.
RIP emerging markets funds.
Look on the bright side guys, Neo-liberal number 3 is close to getting .3% of the vote!
We can't afford an attorney should it happen.
Chill out man they were just having a good time bro!
That mustang in the background is looking mighty suspicious
And the Grizzlies
"You sunk my battlejoke!"
Don't pretend you didn't reply in the wrong place first, then fixed it with this comment.
Tax write-offs don't apply to Trump, because he is Trump.
Uh... Op this thread ya dummy.
I reallllly want to play my own knockout game, but I'm not a savage animal who will go out and bum rush people because I disagree with them.
Does it stop being animal cruelty if you add red wine and *fines herbes* to the animal?
NO ONE KNOWS SARCASM IF YOU DON'T USE THE TAG
Nobody on here votes for a liar.
Savage!
Or Satan
Very tolerant imo
Repost with just the word cake lol
Must be the sounds of making America great again
If we already have a team in the CHL do we get automatic citizenship?
Danniella Levy
Now watch this drive.
Still, get those itchy comforters the hell out of here.
Except for the part where they've brought a foreign religious culture with them, which breeds suicide bombers by the droves.
but it was her turn you racist
I guess since peter thiel is rich and white he isn't a real gay
The cabbage with the power?
What a time to be alive.
Name anything you can think of and you will be right.
Welcome to the internet, someone will complain about anything.
One shot your what?
Wait, I'm still gonna get my free shit, right?
Donna Brazile is only the temporary chairperson until they can select someone else.
This guy gets it.
If you think about it, trump wouldn't have ever ran for president if their wasn't so much corruption involved with our government...
That's what you get for trying to make fun of a random guy on the Internet!
Super dark humor, I'm talking the kind where as you are laughing and smiling you are wincing a bit because of how fucked up it is.
And he would love it, he is just scared about how much he wants it.
I guess someone got the wrong end of the stick when they heard about teabagging...
"Hey bro, hold still, let me hug you for this TD."
caught in a landslide
I don't think the alt right would like a secular jew like Stewart either way.
I wouldn't call This War of Mine indie trash at all.
Another bottle of rum.
The 1440p monitor will also be useful outside of games, while you have no use of a 144hz monitor outside of games.
Tackar.
Mine isn't scratchy but it does have a bit of feedback and "sings" a little bit.
Realistically you can easily get a job teaching English in Japan, having a degree would help tremendously though.
Atleast with Germans you actually have good things at Tier 3, all the US gets is one hellcat, and loads of overtiered, underperforming Shermans and a Jumbo that doesn't even work like it should.
Because America is the only country with freedom
Angela told them to go round up a white guy.
Yeah, he was really unpopular with white males unlike Hillary
Uhhm im not sure you can compare keys to fades as every key costs the same when bought from valve.
Half to World of Warcraft:Legion
Isn't this they guy that said his ptsd made him forget?
TIL that roads and police are all thanks to socialism......
I think we deserve one for sure :P
I agree especially when it is part of the Constitution and makes it harder to argue.
Where can you take this?
"Snaggle tooth Sam" how about that one?
Well, for starters... *ITS HER TURN*
but you could have changed the OS by now
Nah, i just dont see the problem
You don't get to be President if you're poor.
Why though?
Season 4?
"Hillary thought that (C) on classified documents stands for 'cookie' or something" My sides.
Yup, it has been confirmed, noctis gets 6* in GL too.
Good thing politicians don't say one thing when they mean another.
Wow, That's Fascinating
I would preffer a game mode without melee weapons.
Yes, because letting go of a valuable, young corner worked so well for the Panthers.
Luke Kuechly is a better player than David Johnson.
They voted trump and secured his victory pretty much
Call it "Ghetto queue".
I'd say that "rigging" the primary and assuming she would get votes because she's a Democrat rather than campaigning in places like Wisconsin makes her unqualified.
Your stance that I am a dumb fuck is compelling argument that makes me seriously consider your position.
Works for me.
We did it Reddit
But what are we worried about, it turned out so well the last time the Midwest chose our president.
What I don't understand is, how is it okay for the smaller population to decide for the larger one?
Meme settings on ULTRA.
Hi.
Jesus christ, Hall is such a piece of shit.
I can't speak for Liverpool
Is there any point of having spears unshielded if you can afford shielded ?
Warscore for you, or the pope?
My js looks like that sometimes... Where when I generate an element I just say add this this and this style instead of adding a class.
fixed
Because Trump is literally Hitler
So far so good!
Yes, if you voted for Gary Johnson, then it's your fault that Clinton lost the election and Trump lost the popular vote!
Yes, it never did?
The pure genius of our election system at work!
\#Kanye2020
Yah hope he guns down every honey tonky nasty riggers.
It's pretty insulting to be honest
I'm sure you are pleasant when you discuss the topic as well.
Good use of the subreddit!
Somewhere Erdogan is sitting in a leather executive chair, slowly stroking a long haired white cat and laughing the evil mastermind laugh.
NEIN!^^actually ^^you're ^^100% ^^correct
The capital "M"s in place of punctuation confused me for a second.
Why can't it be both?
This is the person I am trying to reach out to.
Only the blood and tears of the underclass.
Would you truly feel the same if they had voted for Bernie because they felt Clinton had to much risk to be allowed to run?
I did too
Smells like a good time to leave Florida.
EVGA = best customer service, worldwide warranty (so if you move anywhere you're covered anywhere and you can sell it to another place/person no worries down the track), good temps, not too high but not absurdly low, not very noisy as you only have one fan, small and compact, decent overclock capability, one of the cheapest 1060 cards.
His votes could have drastically changed the election
TIL Bill Gates makes my entire monthly income every 3 seconds
Hahaha happy to oblige your addiction.
Or 36
Lol no.
Yeah all the redneck states are the well informed ones..
agreed :/
15 minutes between them getting on and me getting off
Its also depended on how much CS the enemy has as you have to get nore CS then your enemy
Always try and see what they're watching on TV
NFA DD
Trump is bringing us world peace who would have thought!
Your friendly neighborhood pubs officer!
But he says it like it is
Yea and they suck too
Their article on how climate change is a hoax was pretty fucking retarded.
of course not hes good friends with russia
Yep.
You are compromising the integrity of our system of government
thanks for the info
He's removing a lot more than that.
(((Rebel media)))
They smile more, their tone is nicer, they are much more willing to help with something, they look for ways to initiate or further the conversation rather than avoid it and many more things.
omg, it was so distracting.
You mean like most countries?
You guys voted Trump, you deserve to be made fun of.
What about Andy Kaufman?
I'll be happy to be able to still get insurance, without the marketplace I can't afford any.
It's not a problem at all.
It would help those who play on small laptop screens, but I think in the long run, it wont have any real effect.
To be honest I enjoyed making the death balloons more than playing the game normally.
Racial slurs and spitting, that bitch is classy!
Congratz on broadcasting that.
But of course, Xer is totally a pronoun and related to gender.
Does anyone know what a dog jonesing for narcotic looks like?
PLEASE NO PLEASE NO
Mattyhatty111 you little shit
cite that law.
Are you still Chinese?
Better call the *Police*
We're coming to make Canada great again!
hopefully it'll be possible by 2056 for me to look like I did in 1996.
"Bitch why you talking so funny?"
F
It's like those vegetarians who say publicly no one should eat meat then gorges on it in private.
Its obvious your an uncle tom then!
I thought Trips reasons were fairly obvious, Seth kept dropping the ball after he came back from injury, so Triple H handpicked a successor
Antenna
And now I'm asking for your social so I can steal your identity.
Just need to get more guns first.
This falls apart when every single Lucio you run into during the Summer Games has one of the new legendary skins equipped.
What a nice system we shouldn't work to change at all.
no that will go to "Descartes before the whores" now and forever.
Having babies.
Did you interact with it after the initial interaction?
lolz, mine too.
Username checks out.
True, he's a great villain so far!
I dont even know what that is
Purple spyder and pink zeta?
Is that why campuses are becoming more censored than the Bible belt?
People weren't having fun cause some teams go try hard URF and play a broken team of 5 champs when the other team just wants to have fun playing certain champs on URF so it ends up becoming not fun for the non-try hard team.
Solid Drake, Liquid Drake, Solidus Drake and infernal drake ofc
another graphene story ... not surprised though, that stuffs going to be everywhere in the near future.
Only capricorns would understand
Its kinda sad that I would happily take that deal in a heartbeat, I pay $1 a gb and I think i have somewhere around 20/5 (could be mistaken on the speeds).
There won't be schools, so no history class.
the third act.
The obvious answer is WW2 with the next version of Frostbite engine.
Actionless Bronson
so Trump voters want big government?
Found the racist sexist Trump supporter who would probably vote for Pepe
Not to nitpick but they met at a show, not online.
Psht, it's not broken because of the summoning effect, its because it's immune to kaijus
Set the snap to none
HOW DARE YOU ASSUME HER GENDER
Chyna.
Tons and tons of trading MLS silvers.
Guess I should try and bank some points before Wednesday.
So that's where Draymond got it from?
Vega is coming out early 2017 so no it wont be a whole year after 1080 came out but close
lol, appropriate for such a dark day...edgelord
They're fricking desperate
I assumed the other fella took your ship in exchange.
Yuge
Well the Jets started the day by berating a mod into quitting their Sub, then Fitztragic happened and they just got saltier.
The browser?
You're pushing it with Bears talk lol.
glass reactor
The dad chuckled, he will tease his kid later
yes it's rare, but there are a few cases of guy jumping from purple to black when they hit 18.
I'm not a fan of that actually, it would make a lot more sense if it was after the whole "preparations need to be made" scene.
I thought this was supposed to be for bad LPT's
Have you tried just not being aware of race?
Ha ha so true.
Much like 3D, it makes me sick to my stomach so I'll never ever use it.
as someone who has courses at both places it certainly is different.
Not to mention that it's not even actual cursive.. more like someone's own personal hybrid.
Hail Cascadia
Jaques, naturally...
The exuberance is like another Gold Rush for the exploitation of America's last resource: The American dream.
If her state votes to ban self-driving cars she can always drive for Uber!
Or Putin's side entry thru Trump's current wife!
That could work I guess But idk, it annoys me a bit that it's a tree vehicle instead of a premium despite being a one off field mod
Yeah because America is going to cut military spending.
Yes Iraq and Libya are doing so much better thanks to the US.
also in Chile
Yeah you should gas them or something.
Adulting
Is this post just an excuse to repost your image?
I know you don't.But sure would be amazing wouldn't it?Keep it up though.I really like this one ~~expect the part where pipxalchemist didn't happen but i can live with it~~
You forgot this:
I thought a flop was a movie which makes less than its budget?
I'm sure it will all sort itself out once the insurers can cross state lines.
Three halves is more than a whole so you know it's good.
If it make a you feel any better, we can continue to call those that refuse to use new technologies luddites.
don't cremate me
Race traitor.
Yes Captain o7
Banks are fucked up.
You're right, we should kill OP
How bad did you beat him?
BUT TRUMP IS A RACISTS MYSONGIST DOUCHBAG.
The issue with that map IMO is that all the purple blotches make it look like UKIP had a MASSIVE surge in seats (they only won 1 seat total IIRC).
Correct except for the "mom" bit, its "mum" or sometimes "mam"
yea Imagine if we put in the backup, and won just 3 more games so we had favre in 2009 still AND that defense
And we are welcomed home by the Spurs on Saturday, joy.
OP is your pc as glorious as your idealogy?
Thanks Raylan
Ah, I didn't see that one in there.
Hopefully they all blow their fucking brains out and none of that garbage ever reaches the light of day.
Nah, just pulling your leg.
You should .. it is the only thing that crashes it .. So EVGA replaced your PSU no questions asked, huh?
Only in the weekends.
Seriously i've wondered about that for years.
Wait isn't that a direct quote from Trump
Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck sports.
Mathews, Panthers D will bounce back this week.
Only took them 4 years to make
Yeah its got stock AP, APCR, APDS, and HE.
You should lower it some...
I wonder how many people he hit
The real question is who's going to be up when pick #13 comes around....
Not being an asshole is for PC SJWs!
What's the rating on the indian pizza place in bellevue?
Sure
PPV buys, social media engagement, merchandise, pretty much every possible metric available
MMMMMMUUUURRRRRPPPPPHHHHH
shhh... just accept the narrative that reddit wants you do see.
Yeah, and American children in American schools, birth-right citizens with illegal immigrant parents, who have never known another life, they've got nothing to worry about.
Maybe I was just a little too excited by blowing out BC and ECU, but I though we would be further up the bubble at least
The American perception of what Mexico looks like is largely based on one single set on Universal's LA backlot.
Poor Daud.
What if he's being tortured into resetting the switch?
Wow this is like a whole new standard
I think I'm having one Friday, hope this doesn't happen to me!
Yyf genesis is under 60
I remember Pulse.
Too many dudes.
It's super fun.
*Hangga't may tatsulok* *Hangga't sila ang nasa tuktok* *Hindi matatapos ang gulo*
*Alyas* actually fits the bill, but yeah, it sucks that they ripped off an older idea without even bothering to add more realistic and relatable elements to it.
One day at a time, my friend!
or get like 10 and you wont even need a keyboard wow!
Snap chat and tap that.
Really, huh who would have thought?
Every song in the album is frat
Brinjal as well, in some parts.
I rather just wait for the NMS patch...
She was the wrong woman
There's $100 difference between 7 and 7+, so getting around 300 for the 6 is fair.
I'm sure you couldn't do any worse
I think that is possible, but it doesn't change the fact that only a few elected officials change, not the interests that actually control this country.
I personally prefer V8-DLC there's no difference but i believe thats the dreamliner going on the melbourne route XD
I think CTR being laid off had something to do with it.
Obama's only in office for a month and a half.
That's the reason friend :]
"Rainmeter" it the program that makes the magic happen
r/abrathatfits could help you find a bandeau in the right size so it wouldn't fall down (at least as much; I admit I'm unfamiliar with those).
I think you missed the
How many of those victories were bought.
BE GLAD YOU ARENT LIKE ME THAT NEEDS TRIPLE SIGN AFTER 4 FUCKING KILLS, FUCKKK MY SHITTT INTERNET MAKING CLEAVES INSTAFUCKINKILLL
PIT WALL!
Freeze mage - Alextrasza
The longer you use it for the more flavor it adds
These processes don't want to work for me :/
Yes, totally out of place in such an incredibly subtle movie
Because fuck those with allergies
Jawel?..
Surprised he didn't finish that sentence with 'non-sequential bills'
Favorite Don Hertzfeldt film?
Doesn't matter if it's politically opportunistic or "evil" as the EU are quickly showing that to be their strategy day by day.
Who are you, people ?
Yeah video games are boring rn imo
'
Cock fighting is animal abuse and illegal gambling
to be honest, even without pirates i think aggro shaman and such would kill goons
Giant + Poison is the worst meta...
Yeah, symptoms like that are a bitch for sure.
So he's already becoming a good politician
How dare voters judge me by my actions!
Thanks!
It gets pretty cold otherwise.. Old house.
I'm a slow reader so usually my eyes are at the bottom of the screen.
Several thinner phones are available with 3.5 mm audio jacks, so that's not the reason.
What does "born a fighter" even mean
AS I LIVE, ALL WILL DIE.
No ma tutti i gay possono accedere alle unioni civili, se vogliono, per legge.
I had the most silent scream at that time since it was 5 in the morning out here in Europe
That's how life works though.
Got room for one more before it becomes weird.
"Redditor for 33 minutes" Hmm...
STFU U LIBTARD
Its the perfect tactical accessory for defending nightclubs from active shooters!
Yea they should just add something many people dont want, they should add EoC while we are at it as well
You forgot something, here:
oh just like the rest of the world can?
WE DID IT REDDIT
ILANsterdam
Seriously, they are being occupied by a foreign force, and paying THEM for the privilege!
Surprisingly Hillary has been silent on this and hasn't called for a recount.
I'm sure that 1-2 degree difference in 50 years will be the death of us all and humanity wont be able to use technology to cope
Beginning to think they only gave custom thicker hair for Ysayle so even if it clips it wont show.
Just making it a 1/4 without stealth would fix that, a 1/3 with stealth would also be fine as it dies to all of the 2 mana deal 3 damage things after PWS I wanted it to at least get 1 charge off because a 1/4 on T2 will usually die immediately
Speak English good.
Yeah - that's a fair assessment.
I hope there's as many Bidybabs as there are Ballora Fanboys since the game came out ;)
but muh muh meat.
He asks on r/india so as to change his habits.
Select it with a/x and then use the shoulder buttons to change the amount.
Being able to gain the entry level position with five years experience?
Considering the pace that Mane was coming in with, his reaction was pretty incredible, but I was only talking about having that gentle touch in front of goal, I dont think anyone in the team has such composure/talent.
But worry not, we're getting the Trump Presidency, chances of a trumpnir o trumpmir skin increased!
a classmate
You missed the
hole situation*
Newsflash: Trump gets caught in yet another lie, world yawns.
An offside trap, on drugs
Di Maria with the silky-smoothness, Cavani with the brute force
It would definitely cross my mind, but I wouldn't have the balls to do it.
Wow, reading this thread really makes me believe it when people say Nost had the best community to ever exist on the internet
Thanks brother.
That is one hell of a RUD.
I get a kick out of white people telling other white people to shut up because they're privileged, like bitch please go look in a mirror and take your white guilt over to someone who gives a shit.
He's just saving it for later
Ha, chiar mananca sau doar se joaca?
Maybe the network thought it would earn more respect if it misspelled its own name, these days I don't doubt it.
i think the sidewalks are the responsibility of the business owner or homeowner, not the city
that man just hyped me up so much with the record breaking 6 plays
Hahahahahahahahaha so anti-establishment folks
His card levels..
You made me snort-laugh my tea, dammit.
I'm 19, I hope I don't have any..
will you say the same thing when a democrat congress is gonna start hindering trump in 2 years?
Would require Deathwing to be your sole minion in your hand though, but perhaps it could be upped to 4 Mana to be in line with Barnes (who could pull an Ysharj who then pulls an Ysharj)
We looked around a three hour radius and found a brand new JKU Sport for 30 even.
clearly died on purpose so people would share it causing to get more viewers
Genie
The people barely survive in that cold, how can a disease?
ya need to go buy some nvidia green sweat bands
all my friends still play it but i am not gonna buy a gold membership and a dlc just to play with friends again
This sub is gonna keep on giving for a LONG time
I'll go ahead and assume you have zero pets?
poor Saitama
Ya know I don't care what happened Tatiana is still a winner in my book because before this season I didn't really know much about her but now she's become one of my favorite queens :) I'm a little disappointed in alaska's choice but I still love that bitch lol.
I'd be more scared of infect Atraxa than Super friends.
true, im just going to stand in front of a tornado tearing apart a town now, not even caring about my life, just going to walk around it.
Well obviously the RX 480 is inferior to the Hd 7700, the number is lower.
How is this accidental?
Not really the female in the photo posting says me
What a weird name for a car.
*I started having a panic attack right there in the mall, and of course my cis-white-hetero family has no sympathy or understanding of my conditions...*
I've spent the afternoon learning Illustrator and taking Google Map Streer View tours of schools I may want to grad school at
[CIA](http:/intensifies)
Cheaper than widening I-70, and the line takes you into the heart of ski country.
Because they're lucky obviously
Most M.2 drives are 2280, which won't physically fit.
I don't think his dogs are related to him
would have been nice to see Ryoma from Getter as well
It's a waste for him, not for her.
How common is it for islands to drop off that quickly?
Obviously if someone is hurt you cannot touch them at all to stop them from dying, it's illegal you know
Why should we care, we will be dead by then
Shit, I'll make sure to stay out of Yellowstone this week then.
I think part of the issue is that Auckland's not really competing with chch and Invercargill for a bunch of immigrants: especially for white collar workers it's competing with Sydney or Melbourne even London.
maybe it is not the right article
E
You got the link to the show?
Add another reason I'm glad we're never having kids.
Shocking
Considering the St.Pats is making an appearance this year and there's a new reebok style arenas jersey leading into the leafs dressing room I was so certain that was going to be used
Do you have a DAC/amp or another preferred ohm impedance?
Considering many people were killed trying to escape I think it was a case of self defense.
I'm sure the schools and services in Newark and Baltimore have been doing much better under their Democratic mayor, town council, and state legislature by comparison, right?
Ah yes, the infamous Duck gang.
I don't own beats, I just know people with them who don't treat them like their 12
No, this is HDDoS (Harambe-Distributed Denial of Service)
Redeem the Jar Jar motion that started the wars?
Summon a jade golem that dies at the start of your next turn?
Snowden also exposed state secrets to foreign powers through (presumably) gross negligence.
Basically confirmed: Aperture Science used Diamond Dog's wormhole technology from the 80s to make the portal gun.
WTF greatest pack of 17
I agree with the fact that it can end up more combo than aggro, but I've had so many close calls with the deck in my playgroup that I love him for it.
Goddamn conspiratorial jews!
Whatever Hollister and American Eagle is selling without the logos.
Here we go again; vote manipulation ..
But the sun will expand anyway
I've seen the original, it was fantastic.
it allows him to do the most racist and stereotype-based jokes because.. it's the puppets, not Jeff..
k
You aren't wrong on that front, but he still broke the rules and that is why he is suspended, and you said "Seems to me that the NFL is actually in the wrong" and no they were not.
They would already be pulling down 100k developing software, but immigrants took all the good jobs.
He was the people's choice, and the DNC knee capped him.
Congress could overturn it if the EC does in some mythical and terrible universe flip for Clinton somehow though, couldn't they?
It's to discourage shotgunning
IIRC, France actually has decent geology for that.
Go in TS and wait for Eddy
And you ignored the 'signd by' error on the agreement sheet... **UNINSTALLED AND LEFT A NEGATIVE REVIEW**
Unless of course, that account isnt yours linked to Reddit :p
The game of life?
The fact that they exist is reason enough.
Thank you!
Turn off the bright light behind your monitor.
Have you tried eclipse ?
Everybody knows Trump hates gays, yo
Yes
Literally
Weird how IBM switched to a shit ton of Macs and they've saved more money by using them than using PC's, but I guess this random anecdote has just as much validity as a Fortune 500 company's reports.
Man, FUCK diamonds, am I right?
i know souls is hardcore git gud, but there is no way they can communicate this "dont die embered" thing ingame somehow, and the game gets harder with dying, so the new player embers for more hp and dies and the game gets harder... and less invasions, because when he realises, he will play unembered after it.
Don't forget the liberal gay frog agenda.
Welp, I suppose fiscal responsibility is what you need to vote on, and the Republicans have TOTALLY been fiscally responsible, amirite?
It doesn't come out until February.
Fits was the one that threw him the td
Would be worth it if that happened,
WE NEED MULTIPLE HIGH VALUE CORNERS lol
WHAT AM I FIGHTING FOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOR
It's definitely worth rostering a second QB if you can find one that fits well with Ben's schedule, if you can't find a way to have a successful team even while rostering 2 QBs you're probably just not very good at fantasy and would probably still be bad rostering 1 QB
...betrayed America to feed his bottomless narcissistic hunger for attention and power.
This.
It would energize his movement, imagine how big a talking point that would be for rightists.
It was a good year
Procrastination issues, but I am fighting them.
Lets hope the guys on the boat dont have twitter
You're not the first to say it ;)
Are you assuming HIS gender now?
dude if it wasn't for us they'd all be speaking russian
Thank you.
they give good dome tho
Both figuratively and literally.
But what if it has a C by it?
:(
Then do both.
what took so long?
Foofoocuddlypoops, Aang; Aang, Foofoocuddlypoops
I've got no idea what this even means.
Looks like it's been sold.
You forgot this:
really the reason is so they can price-match but also say they don't carry a specific model.
Redundancy Anxiety: a morbid apprehension arising from population pressure, based on the more or less conscious realization that if there is an excess of population in relation to carrying capacity, the population surplus may include oneself, not just others.
I don't know why, but I just imagined Netflix opening their own theaters.
True, become a buyer and use TAILS for about 6 months, get a feel for the markets and buy some LSD and ask yourself if your really ready for it when your tripping.
It takes a special kind of person to shoot someone up-close not an average Joe.
Wow, I never thought of it like that before...
Obviously what I meant.
Dude that looks nothing like an Avalon.
You forgot the
Such a worthwhile comment, wow.
...Calculon?
And South America is mentioned too
Orange privilege, obviously.
Because calling everybody who isn't a racist "racists" worked so well for that evil bitch Hillary.
Why, is GRO not in the car yet?
you forgot the
That's me!
More like a salt mine
But then the CPU spike shouldn't really matter either?
everything will probly be explained in all the hidden ciphers
TFW a mod bans you just for posting in another sub.
its like you have 0 self awareness
Hey listen asshole i only just finished the riddle above and thats because he had the answer further down, im not ready for another one.
Waluigi is bae.
Thanks!
But if you don't do anything there is a 0% chance of you failing, so there's a plus point there.
thats what she said
[]
Wow, youTube comments are a cesspit.
2030?
Well he's gay, so he'll be the first to be killed by President Trump.
That's the proper way to spell it over there.
Using this method Sanders can still win
Better repeal the 19th!
Hey!
I think War of the Lord's actually sounds pretty cool
If you enjoy dubstep at all definitely check out illenium 3:45 Friday.
for now...
I mean, one of his biggest supporters, Rudy Ghoulliani is a transvestite so I'm sure he will be great for the gays.
Like a butterfly princess
It's called "no, you're just out of arguments so you're nitpicking"
Why, did something happen?
They'd be awesome at re-creating really accurate Sims characters
Even when it's a close call people pull the "hey dumbass" card but I can dig what you're plantin fren
Doesn't sound like she cares about you as a friend, I wouldn't go to someone's wedding that I wasn't in anyway "friends" with anymore.
They may have had one testing and one working on setup.
But not always, maybe.
Sure, I agree , Pakistan has nothing to lose, you are the one killing People everyday in Kashmir.
I bet if we just keep insulting voters, it'll definitely change things next time....
Looks like pipes + statue with that standing fire in it and there some more of pipes from Zana.
but the government is doing it, so its not bad
As if you ever flaired anything in your life
The base price starts at $3500
I almost never downvote.
As far as we know* the Amish may be amassing an army.
I'm embarrassed this is even a news story...
It'd shift from short periods of chaos to somewhat longer periods of unstable order and it'd go on like that until people found a system that seemed to fit for the most part.
Bearenstein*
Saying that this was a close primary that would have changed if the DNC hadn't favored Clinton is just patently false though, it wasn't close and them wanting Clinton to win didn't overall change the outcome of the election
Ya I was shocked too.
If Conor can't through one armed Dana he's gonna have trouble with Eddies wrestling.
But if people don't know that I'm offended, however will I live with myself?
Can't even argue with that.
Hey now, it's their first amendment right to burn down businesses that had nothing to do with the election
Jesus Camp
And neither do I.
Just be aware that you won't be able to download cool levels online in the 3DS version.
'there's never enough time to do something properly, yet there's always enough time to do it again' -unknown
Thanks!
To see if someone's brain can survive just being in a vat of fluid, and be fooled into thinking it was normal and had a human body and experience everything through a computer simulation.
They voted with their brains and not with their organs like Hillary wanted them to.
The scientific method is sexist, DUH
So Shrink Ray theory confirmed?
But to add to this if you could pit a console pro player crossplattform vs a pc pro player, one using a controller and on keyboard and mouse, than the keyboard and mouse player would win due to having a more precise input (its basically the difference between a 2x2 cm input translated to game movement to a 20x20 or whatever your mousepad, sensitivity etc is cm input).
#NAME?
They have a bank too
This post is a mess.
Nah she's still super annoying and tells the most boring stories
I ran track in High School, and there wa a Catholic League with like 4 teams from pretty low population schools, and because the number of people who move on to sectionals was weighted by population, they would send 2 guys, while the largest, and weakest, league would send 8, who wouldn't qualify for the catholic leagues league final.
It's like european countries can outworse each other on the topic of dark history
I hear troops love being led with people who've never had experience in politics or military!
You'd all just be falling for Dawood Ibrahim's ploy to convert the US to Islam by making people register as Muslim in protest.
Well, it wasn't for immigrants, minorities, and economic anxiety, I'd be a liberal!
I think all animals should be respected and given gentle and loving care, even animals that we consume.
Oh man, if I knew packs went on sale I wouldve saved my coins.
fyi his score was 31:11
the *only* community you know?
as bad as earth will get, it won't be as bad as Mars for billions of years
Really enjoy these pictures
Political correctness is only for the opponents of the left, the left is automatically progressive so when they use slurs it's time you sit down and listen
There was a fender bender
Did you know that John McCain was born in Panama?
Colorizebot
No legal precedent from the Supreme Court that I'm aware to suggest that but I think it's sketchy.
Helps Us Bernie Wan Sandori!
They've become the face of the political left because it is an easy way to dismiss the millennial left.
Man i miss the days where i didn't know where everything on the keyboard was.
Well I disagree with him saying the cars are boring but I won't say no to free money if Fernando is willing to let go of that $50 million a year salary.
You are disagreeing with something I didn't say?
[Only Sandshrew]
In the worse ways.
I love the Disney font!
Just press new scrub
Why did you killed him you asshole.
Start with furniture shopping of course.
Didn't know we were in a drought either but that probably explains why that the well we get our drinking water from was a bit slower than our previous visit a few months ago.
It's like a philosophical dilemma: "What is a rock?"
Oh yes, we're really going to beat Trump and the GOP in 2 years by accusing everyone on our side of being shills
The day after election day, no less?
November 23rd I guess I'd call myself a super junior
public flogging was the only solution
Fitting, cause she's fucking insane
Think of all the opportunities to become shaheed we have now that we didn't have before!
We should threaten to stay in the EU, that way we will get a better deal.
Sounds a lot like Fable and Peter Molyneux way back in the day.
graunching chicks and everything!
Nazi salute when saying goodbye to your German relatives.
not the oyster house
Bump
I wish I could've stood there but there's a giant stand that they put the space craft on... this was as far back and as closely centered as I could be.
If you're lucky?
yea it's great when you're drunk and need to piss.
Isn't that about 33% of this subreddit?
You need to sleep less.
Miraak.exe has stopped working
But acceleration is the same as deceleration, because either way, motor nature kicks in and the car breaks down!
What about all the ugly girls?
He would just do it and then complain that you have shitty coke.
You are full of shit Fuck you
Cool.
Fuck off xander
I want this as a gif background on my phone so badly right now
Ouch
The drop sounds very similar to the one in Autoerotique's collab with Major Lazer - The Sound
I wonder if he could tweak the trajectory and speed based on the players speed?
I am fairly sure it will be interesting times.....
What was the Malaysian flight number?
Motherhood is not that bad.....
Did they tie them to their belt?
That's why there are no 9-11 conspiracy theories.
Its going to run exactly like it does on your Xbox (frames capped at 60) but just with better AA if they make it the same way they did Halo 5: Forge.
r/vaporwave
A lot.
r/nottheonion
We would have trashed you guys in the conference finals if you didn't pay off the refs, how did it feel getting cucked by Penn State?
I Plus Member!
I wasn't really a big fan of the sequel...
Maybe he'll call it something crazy like the Affordable Care Act.
Is this 2016?
I see that you like to keep your options open.
The cars are incredibly close now ... except for, you know, Honda FTFY.
Yeah im thinking theyd just go back to big mon
Uhh.. yeah no shit?
Dark Souls 3
Mark Cuban can't ball for shit bruh.
They probably just don't want to get shot...
Maamoo?
Diamonds are a girl's best friend, just ask Emma Frost!
What about Mega Minion?
wtf they stole the beginning part from the Sasha/Charlotte match!
Holey Foley
I agree, I better not
She should have just become a heart surgeon since apparently she so good at removing hearts
OK, see you there in a bit.
She definitely deserves $15/hr
Shake in a few drops of Tabasco Sauce.
I can't believe it took this long to see BTBAM on this list but on a full listen I'm going to have to say colors beats the silent circus.
You can through homebrew.
Literally still on the front page.
The headline is the article with these "satire" sites
Sono convinto che in Italia non si scopi affatto, i nuovi nati sono sicuramente venuti al mondo tramite immacolata concezione.
So does this mean that if you want to cheat and ensure it sticks, you add ballots after the fact?
Its because it contains the greatest selection of game types, so just for simplicity sake, say it is a uniform random distribution then it will come up far more often than say viking.
I mentioned this around family yesterday, but thankfully they were there to quickly set me straight on why this story is completely untrue and it's just the media twisting Trump's words.
Just turn it on and off
Yeah, cause being constantly being placed into matches where the opponent team is 6-3 up in players and 10,000+ on the scoreboard is what I like to call fun!
Fucking casuals skipping CoD to get married
Tridon cheese clear over here...
Oh eww, I've come across incels but I've never experienced this opinion.
I feel like Part 4 had so much more energy and life in it compared to a few of the other parts.
I've got a nephew that isn't even born (he's currently -3 yrs old) and he had BOTH his hernias torn!
oh...oh god please no
Titan X(M) has dropped less than 980 on ebay
Wow bet that really showed the Nazi's
You can donate.
ikr
Don't you know the only way to fight fascism is more fascism?
Thought so :D
It just feels so bad to lose to a YOLO hero power, unable to recover the board because Spirit Claws has 3 goddamn charges.
That is the face of cute mischief!
It's the alpha way bruh
Don't worry, that's what reality is for...
Yes, because they're ALL like this...
Yea, but still leeching off of someone's childhood like that
So when a champ is OP&lt; we're supposed to let them through because "we should learn"?
Who summons in zombotany zombies
Yeah, I am sure a few other nations would just love to get her advice on how to fix the whole Syria situation
Why is this posted in BadCopNoDonut?
Filled it out then did the personality test and had to refill everything out because the form reset after I did the test.
SimCoders: Providing a reason to buy Carenado products since [enter year here].
In 2 years almost all games should use those APIs and the freesync will make the lower frame rates ,for now, smoother.
Nope, that was all Prater...
The South graciously allowed the North more power, and the Civil War had naught to do with slavery.
He crashed it
Should have gone for a slam dunk!
Everything is a PSA nowadays
Yea even if you argue that she was there from the beginning, the other hosts that William chopped up were mechanical.
Indianapolis is like the 14th largest city in the country.
At which point you sign the new offer and it's NBD.
Be my friend.
I really hope that guy gets some help for others and himself
Yeah because conservatives treated Obama so well...
Yeah, the best they would do with that last one is connect two Switches back-to-back.
....I just want to wrap you in a warm blanket.
The delusions are genetic.
And yet he made Vatican City thus.... *For shame*
I also need a pm for his Facebook thank you very much
Well it loses a lot of the dark tone, but makes up for it with memorable characters and events imo
Yeah who wants to wait an extra minute or two for something that takes up to an hour?
If the ping was constant it wouldn't be a problem
Ooh man that one hurt!
What climate change?
Even more, since the fact that herblore supplies are in demand(thus higher than ge mid price) because of dxpweekend.
It's the internet, everything you read is true
ah, it all makes sense now... does u/juggernautjason live in canada?
That's Trump's foreign war strategy in Syria.
"Get the life guard!"
Might as well stay bunked.
No, no they did not.
That's a good looking Snek
Solicitations and giveaways aren't allowed without prior mod approval.
And bench is enough for triceps.
lmfao have a good one buddy &lt;3
Yo les pianos
So just like the public and the No vote then?
This Accidental Rockwall should be titled, "Altering The Scales of Justice"
It was a joke...... and your comment gave me cancer.
Isn't it on the VHS "Closure " ?
Wait...there is a challenge?
If DC Comics can have 2 different Wally Wests then why can't Arrow have 2 Sara Lances?
I... can't tell if troll or not
Tech tears will be so sweet if he's better than Mahomes.
Who cares
Good ol' Carlos II.
...and if they wanted Republican governance uber-allies, they would've elected Mitt Romney in 2012.
Who would have thought a conman would con half of the American public?
I went on it the first time two days ago, I wish I could experience it with the video playing, do you know if it'll come back?
Those kids are way older than 5 seconds :P You could START the mistake in 5 seconds though.
Shield members plus the US Title, is just not a good mix is it?
Why don't they do something along the lines of Madden where you can download the latest roster and ratings.
Can't wait for this to come to live
He's not super well known
Until Kevin becomes fully inept, Kelly a ditz and Creed overtly insane for the jokes alone.
I thought Bill Clinton was our first black president?
It's such a reassurance that you're responsible for educating our kids!
I'm convinced!
you dropped your
Ready when you are.
Yeah, modeling America on the place where young billionaires live will really help us win middle America back.
Gideon could not protect Stein's wife from pound town.
For the price they are
I'm sure Trump and his supporters would have conceded with the utmost grace if they lost
I wish she would Materia-lise in my bed this Valentines.
fuego
This is the only correct answer.
I nominate Bonnie Wright (Ginny from Harry Potter) to play Meg
ohh nice
just wait for the re-release for better graphics, that is what Bethesda did for their game and everyone is replaying it.
Yes I freaking do let's freaking go motherfreaker
Only one?
The Leggo leg "arrr" version.
you've obviously never gotten that stuff in your eye before
A REPUBLIC NOT A DEMOCRACY!
If you had to pay to join up--tokens or crystals--that might help.
That, or they collectively raised the roof.
I just love Apple's attention to detail.
Exactly!
Yeah, because all of the GOP is on the same page
She already made it clear that she doesn't want to, buddy.
You forgot this: *backslash*
I don't see any problem here.
the the chrome extension for honey and it will search for codes for you
Holograms created by the russians ofc.
Pretty easy to survive something that never happened
lel
I was told there would be more winning.
Nah, this is clearly intentional because the developers hate their fan base.
I think that's a yes.
It works for you now?
next to claremont
Because here in NH, we have some of the weakest gun laws and an absurdly high gun violence rate.
It's not the speed, it's the acceleration.
damn the car was going fast
Obviously the reason he would always ban it in solo queue was because he didn't want anyone to realize how broken Aatrox really is.
Except that all the changes this week were good.
Super hard boss man
Srsly, though...I'd buy that shit.
If you're on Android use reddit sync, it opens up a youtube video player within the app.
You don't get up and walk away when you get bad rng?
Exactly, it's all just retribution
Get out.
I wanna hang out and watch movies/read books/play chess in that sweet penthouse from the sequel
You mean Pentium Softcore?
Simi?
How we've let the climate get to the stage where we're no longer talking prevention but instead damage control.
"dodging is dead"
Thanks, couldn't find any info when I was updating.
you will need 10 years of training as bruce lee practiced for 10 years straight until he was master level
Sounds familiar
Yeah i agree, The mods do a great job here.
And he was on a snap count last game
USS LEGO
Now look at this ech
Feed your fucking dog mate.
That is not faker, he missed an easy proto at 5:17
Could you elaborate please?
You forgot the
Datura, Outlast, and Zombi.
Population 35, agree, chances are their force is really small maybe two.
POLEASE, ethion(or zached)+skato is a better comb than anything most likely and 42.7%+ skill dmg, 21.8% def pen and massive attack on skatos character equip just destroys julians kit and skatos combat trait is also pretty damn amazing, especially compared to julians
I absolutely hate seeing the toll that a mix of poverty and addiction and shitty mental state has on people... but fuck if I want to be on the receiving end of the anti-social consequences
most modern red paint doesn't use ironoxide as a basis anymore, thats why.
If you use all caps in the title and spam enough tags on YouTube, I'm sure people will notice this video
They need to put a platform in between red cow and kylemore.
His wounds, they will not heal.
done
From what I hear, they call it "Paki Stan"
Stance Nation!
If 2016 has taught me anything, it's not to trust proles.
You might be onto something there, can't believe no one has though of that yet
this guy right here sounds like a fungi
Who built walls to keep out the relatives of the latinos?
{JoJo's Bizarre Adventure: Diamond is Unbreakable}
Well, somebody has to guard all that heroin...
Come to New England and you'll have more of those, plus a ring.
How do you dig through a molten iron core 4500 miles across at almost 6000K?
But it's part of our country's electoral tradition since the invention of the electoral college, we should all just accept their vote as the correct outcome and rally behind one candidate as a unified country, just like we all did with Obama
Sames, finding division 4 to be a grind.
[C'thun]
Since nobody has said im gonna choose the bottom feeder the forest
Wait, people play public matches?
Dont die
Silyisis
Revelations?
Yeah people with mental illness just need to get over it!
The sliced part where it was Mango top half and Armada bottom half was some god like combo vid editing
What media is still talking about how she lost?
This makes my OCD happy.
I'd still take that to be honest...
Try looking at Chomsky Philosophy on YouTube.
How about 8:30pm EST?
JJ WATT WASHES HIS HAIR WITHOUT SHAMPOO
27yr, 100% VTSAX for my Roth
You could use the time to sell those $150 Make America Great Christmas ornaments that are on your website.
You do whatever you want, but my above reasoning is why I avoid using her.
The manual will be more fun and they should both be similar in maintenance costs.
Being down voted for having fun is really fun :P
Beautiful you know that dude wasn't happy about that.
You flipped your guilty and innocent there, I think?
Don't forget their holy capitol in Oregon... the Malhauer bird refuge.
TRUE
I am a millenial therefore i believe if i say I am colorblind racism is solved \s
Almost looks like tonsil stones...
No, its Glau-ses-ter.
Pretty sure they would've missed more
Feck Off In all seriousness i think we need to wind back a bit on some of the US news.
obviously Link is the woman we're talking about here and Zelda is in that picture
You got a dud (Terra), the best WHM BSB (Vanille) and the best magic blink in the game (firion), congrats!
Wut
please dont flip the coin too hard, you might injure another one of our guys.
Thing is I've talked to some of the bartenders there, and they've said that business was on a downturn anyway; chances are if there weren't the tourists then a lot of it would have gone out of business anyway.
got a timestamp
I mean, it was only terrible in that they missed the same thing happening to the defender by Benjamin.
Multi nervosi prin Romania, s-ar pitea sa fi gasit cauza
It's so fitting that he summoned it against white eyes blue dragon too!
What kind of dumb signature bet did you make to slander our state's beloved BBQ?
Your facts are racist!
Thanks.
Are you suggesting that there are a bunch of women who would like to be sexually assaulted?
Finally, I was wondering when we were getting SU shirts.
Taking the liberal approach I see
Lol, upvote for you.
It was 1,000x better than that crap you call writing....
Wait ... It wasn't?
SHUT THE FUCK UP
Phil?
At work or I would be, my friend.
Obviously a God Emperor is the answer.
why would you ever go flat pen on Karma if your gonna be pressing R E more than R Q considering they're playing karma for her shield not her damage.
w2c windborker
And a stick to keep the women away while you're gassing up.
Just restore to 10.1.1.
The Western allies certainly made an important contribution, but the scale of the war in the East and the scale of Soviet wartime production are so vast that it's difficult to comprehend.
Team trust 100ug
Tuition.
Solution: be better than everyone else on your team so you're the mvp and no one has to see the dumb victory emotes
There's tons of proof you waste of spunk.
Might check your bump stops, that 02 sensor location is the same on mine.
And people think climate change is real
Also if you're a man, ghost, dog, cartoon character you should vote for Clinton.
Clearly does, no oneshots lategame.
They're a troll.
Upvote the post and upvote LordAzir's comment.
Upvotes aren't votes.
Dude I said cyka blyat and my teacher said get out and then I exploded
But it gives me cancer and autism
Last time, Chinese cast didn't go so well but I want to hear Wings.
Unless he _really_ loves that sound, now's the time to suggest a DI...
Yes you can!
hmm im not seeing a swedish nose there
Well I'm not used to seeing human feces in these either...
Oh don't start that again...
This is why New Zealand exists we use to export most of our food to them i'm sure they will want our old trade deals back once they leave the EU.
Non denominational, lol
I shower daily.
Spawn Till You Die!
Surrendering (French)
Anhydrobiosis specifies the type of cryptobiosis.
So demonized Yuto to fuck with Shun/Kaito and his demonized original form to fuck with Ray?
Only the Star Wars nerds noticed.
I have reddit for iPhone, the official app, the blue link at the bottom that says "show newer posts" you can drag that to the left and it hides all clicked posts.
Quarter of a cent.
I don't see how that would not help.
the thing is: with minorities in all branches of government, it's tough to truly oppose everything.
I just pea'd myself laughing.
ring of favor, in ds1 its name was Favor and Protection, hence the abbreviation.
Talking out the side of his mouth kind of comes across to me as half his face having been hit by a stroke -- but he looks good
If it benefited the consumer, they wouldn't have done it
Can't Source:60-76 mining
Don't you mean Dan Marinorings?
how does 199 proof sound?
So if I don't have a sports pass, I can use a friends if I have my student id and his pass?
Nah bro, attack ads not addressing any sort of policy should be enough.
He says nice thing so obviously he's getting paid
I'd have payed a little extra for those additional 32 gigs.
Yep, because everyone that didn't vote hillary is an absolute retard!
Nobody is more against illegal immigration than legal immigrants.
So that therefore means any statement that we can't do something will be proven wrong in ten years
Easy solution (if we let Trump take office); we just convince him to mastermind (as much as someone with his mind can do that) a military operation to take over Canada.
Or sometimes a (proverbial) cigar is just a cigar Are you seriously so tinfoil-hat-y that it's not enough for the "bad guy" rich guys to all have secret supervillain-esque agendas, but the ones who at least look like good guys have to have them too?
o yeah i freekin love trump hes my favourite politician...
Black people don't play dota man
To be fair any shotgun with Full Auto can basically wreck anything with a health bar up close...
Thats retarded.
Great verses by Wayne and Kanye!
The only thing that's stamped on it is the company name and 1-10, so can I assume its C, since that's the most common tuning?
These are changes to the changes, meaning anything unmentioned will be patched according to the initial patch notes.
That's its punishment for shoving itself down everyone's throat.
Fascinating.
You should buy an ak47 for protection
I cannot imagine a playing situation where you need more than thst.
Hahahahahahahahaha
You could probably visit where the old TCU campus was.
Apparently the Sweden pp is trash....
I definitely insist on having any candidate I vote for publishing his tax returns, but this sounds like an unconstitutional additional requirement for becoming president: The Constitution lists three requriements: *"one must be 35 years of age, a resident within the United States for 14 years, and a "natural born Citizen..."*
First attempt is cherry
How dare you call undocumented aliens illegal just because they are here illegally.
Sounds like he really lost there.
Was that a pun
That one has GOT to be tongue in cheek....right?
The light side and dark side are really just opposing sides of a moral compass, selflessness vs selfishness, no emotion vs extreme passion, etc.
That exact scenario happened to me when I recommended The Other Guys to 3-4 friends... I sat there in awkward silence broken up by two or three laughs through the entire film.... I don't recommend comedy to people anymore.
Do you want me to downvote sir?
Cause a 4-mana 7+X/7+X is exactly what we need!
frick the heck off
Playing a 3/4 then casting whirlwind would result in having a 3/3.
Put newbee in there.
They will be protein enriched thus yielding better harvest.
im not your pal, dude!
oh, r/hearthstone, where $100 is as good as getting a bunch of free packs
* farm scenario hard instead of hell * level up 1* * buy 2* silver fodder from shop
The burning man guy was an American, as was the comic book guy
10/10 - IGN
No, the minion switches sides as soon as you hero power, no infinite combo possible
Mungkin ada yang komplain soal volume Toa disana.
Dybala for Musa OTW Pjanic for Coutinho Gattuso for Kante Dani Alves for Walker Bonucci for Smalling Buffon for Butland
Rome
Do you understand that A mining pool isn't BU The teams described are different Roger Ver doesnt own BU If so, please rephrase the question to reflect this,currently it makes you look quite foolish.
Probably need to suck one off to get their attention first.
Yeah don't you remember jeb 6:9
Yeah, because Kyrie breaks 3+ ankles per game.
You mean people don't leave their own numbers on bathroom stalls/mountains?
Yes.
Well he already asked for one so...
Wonder what corsairs next product will be, RBG monitors?
Yeah i could get one to roll joints for me
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN.
If you are still looking for one, I have a 4iv, HA, Beast Ball, Jolly, Gible that I'd love to trade for either of your offers.
Perhaps you died of an STD
Which slot are better to put the dragonflight gear in?
Happened last evening, were you the other guy staring at him?
IT'S ALL BECAUSE OF YOUUUUUU
When do sign ups open?
I appreciate the kind words friend.
So true, doesn't even need
Me too... until I check my BG level.
You mean liberal elite ivy league corporate owned expert economists from some north eastern university?
yeah, i think the artstyle of the game also really drives this point home
That works in the Contacts app, but that does not carry over to the list of Contacts in the Phone app for me.
Polls didn't adjust for voter suppression efforts or rigged voting machines.
Trump has made stupid and mean his brand.
Most of the upvotes are coming from people who want others to know how crazy this guy is.
Same thing it has stood for, for over 100 years, more money for the top 1%.
Was it ever hard to dunk a squad of 1TR?
u forgot the squinting eyes
A girl had to go to the hospital with a dog's dong stuck in her pussy.
No, using an 84 rated is cheating and you should stop.
Never got one myself but as an avid vooper, R.I.P.
Is his agent *the* BJ Armstrong?
This is a really insightful video.
No, he's literally Hitler
Golden ammo with 20% more damage would sell even better.
You're sounding a little hypocritical, not to mention pedantic.
bitcoin is undergoing a reaction to an immunisation needed to prevent future attacks.
I'll have to dig around into that at some point, appreciate it :)
I can't begin to imagine the energy in the stadium after that.
Didn't make sense not to make her cum,
We hate e-mail scandals
but but but but he said he would put it in a blind trust run by his children so he wouldn't profit from his policies.....
And uncertainty always does wonders for the economy.
good jokes on twitch chat
*lifts fingernail*
Thank you!
Dat CGI flames is lit!
Millenial Falcor would get there never after taking a neverending journey....
She probably only made it on the team because she's a woman, damn liberal Chinese military!
Yeah, I agree that using "Belief System/Philosophy" as the overarching category, with Religion as one of its subsets, makes better sense.
2fast2meta
What if this is really about Cespedes and the Jay Bruce thing is just a fake out?
What about a 5 year NBA career for Yi, 2 years of watching Tarik, and the fact that Yi couldn't even get minutes in a preseason game designed to get players like him minutes?
Pls no.
This kills the kayaker
Also beans.
Yes to help execute the attack.
Just like Adam.
Congratulations OP on finding the smallest, most useless gif of this video yet.
Is that Rip Trippers?
**THE GLORIOUS DIABOLOS SUBREDDIT BEING BROUGHT TO THE LIGHT**
Shorthand for chicken.
"I love the new cod games and they are all very well made" u forgot
We don't need a new one, we need ours to get his head on straight
Yeah, fuck that guy and his sense of pride in something that didn't involve you!
Damn lol, we ran with 14 people and had 6 that were ready to heal.
We's close m8.
Why (Although someone did cross post it there)?
Naw, I think they'll wait a year or two just to make him sweat a bit.
I go there for the dank wehraboo memes.
Yeah I'd been using it for missions, just missed AK
I'll eat the roxs
I went to AT&amp;T with a co worker earlier this week and they wouldn't give us the box or new accessories...
Masturbation.
Restrict via MAC address?
Hey now, people in glass houses sink ships.
Yep because salaries in Canada are awful with a single payer system...
902, Hoboken Brewing Company, or Castle Point Brewing don't have a home and all have been looking for one.
AUPitch has separate dials for pitch and speed :)
I am very surprised that there is more than 1 Sparky user on this subreddit
I am very surprised that there is more than 1 Sparky user on this subreddit
Sounds like a medium done steak :(
Pay the man
I can find you a Pinsir if you want one that bad.
Aw man I feel so sorry for you.......
Yeah it's so easy getting 4 pieces of reduce illusion at 25%
Chicken and the egg
This sounds like a Jeff question lol
Aldrich?
Nice
This is clearly directly Justin's fault and in no way a result of our currently global economic trends.
Maybe if people stop posting this shit, people would stop going on vacations to Dubai.
And to save the aborted babies and donate them for spirit cooking.
That's even more amazing.
Alright, be there momentarily.
Fuck this guy for being strong ammirite
How is using the bathroom the same as killing people or abducting people?
MEOW MEOW MOTHERFUCKERS
Kinda vaporwave
And if you look evem closer you can see that nobody really gives a crap
I mean the dev team said it themselves, if there's *one* DLC to get crazy futuristic fantasy gadgets, it's gonna have to be Japan.
No let's kill all those Indians and make a pipeline!
Your title gave me cancer.
That video gave me goosebumps.
*Gags*
I wanna say San Diego, but there are so many bike paths cutting through overpasses that cross or go next to water ways.
Forgot to add the
He understands the value of a quality opponent then
I'll pay for it.
you need to hit the blue button in the lower right corner in plaza to turn on internet.
Me too, and it's your mom's favorite position.
The epitome of a healthy marriage!
I'm sure this is totally unrelated...
Thank you from those of us wanting the gossip, but not as familiar with the program.
Dude...
LOL DIRTIEST PLAYER IN NFL
I probably mean forty then, naively assumed a power of two.
Exit scam confirmed
Years?
No, they're Rayman and Ridley
You'll be able to split one mail order bride if you pool together your savings from your Jonas Brothers impersonator gigs.
I don't see any proof of wrong doing - ~~'member berry~~ red pill
It is ugly, there are few amenities, and it's in the middle of nowhere.
My favorite is the Purlot one
This is a straight up falsehood, (Freakonomics has the actual numbers).
Easy to say that as a Grand Champion but I don't do these often.
Kael'thas isn't scourge
I don't see the problem here, kids are free but phones are expensive.
Yeah, that's steep, but it'll be worth it.
Udrih surprised the fuck out of me this year
I didn't use it there tbh, I'm waiting till my LL is higher to infuse my exotic weapons.
Maybe she was on some heavy drugs
you forgot the
If you will not move on until she wants nothing to do with you, that sounds a lot similar to "I will not accept her rejection until I destroy any chance of us even being acquaintances, let alone friends"- because I doubt your ex will tell you "never ever see me again" unless you seriously annoy her by pushing the idea of gettign back together.
Yeah I said the same thing when this whole shitshow started, will be interesting to see how far it goes.
He's like a collection of insects infesting a bad suit.
In goldeneye, when you shot a table or chair and it exploded.
Nice try, Big Candy.
My comrades
Jeff is a real GO
Why would your girlfriend give you a guitar?
Just keep in mind that maybe the kid learned his attitude from the mum, and she may think his behaviour is ok.
Why?
Next step is eliminate government money (=money stolen from people in the first place)
Your mom
Wow it all makes sense now (no it doesnt)
Can you restructure the sentence so we can understand it?
To be fair, it's the opening scene in the series.
Spoken like a true American.
Or Katarina Mid lane 41.33% Akali Mid lane 41.75% Nidalee Jungle 42.49%
are you from greece, if im allowed to ask?
you may want to read up on WW2 history and the German invasion of Poland...
They want to ban certain guns, so I bet it will change somewhat.
It was away game.
I like your humor
Klotesprinters.
Check the stats again, the 6* awakened stats are different from what was posted here on reddit a couple days ago.
Artifact power for your relic.
Lies, everyone knows Jews control everything in the world.
No, that would be 18 million GB
Plot twist: the Abrams was an empty bait for the VBIED to protect the remainder of the platoon...
She wants to report the news , not be part of it.
yay, another bejeweled clone!
det er jo tydeligvis Casper
Most important dont drive if you are a danger to the motorong public due to lack of sleep.
I hear Facebook has reliable news sources......
You should be a cop, so you can show everybody how to do the job the right way.
When it fits the narrative of the people, then no, and should be rewarded.
Yeah, cause 3 Civics n parking lot is a pretty rare occurance.
I mean, you have a picture of it, damn.
No, that was Patrick!
MY BODY IS READY
This is all bullshit, lets get back to talking about pizza.
Snail trail
553776316 (sa 10 SV)
"We appreciate your support, now if you would kindly step into this gas chamber..."
My god what a time to be alive
You dropped this:
Literally never heard one person say they like wiping in raids so why is it still here?
yeah, I stayed too, higher expected value to stay than to cashout always :)
You forgot the
r/madlads
its for people who likes to kill in one shot in the body because they cant kill on the normal game
Maybe he wants the fallen to peg us back a bit, sees us getting a bit too big for our boots performing tricks and dance moves on light armoured vehicles, ha!
Embarrassing huh?
Pretty sure Conor walked out with his belt
Yeah, his tagline should be, "Right on Trump, wrong on everything else."
Demo lock, invested in AP heavily and got my 35th trait (the one that costs 1.6M AP), can confirm.
if enough people report him for not communication he'll get the message
In order: 1) Peppers 2) Tez Tabor 3) Fournette
Conversely, you shouldn't feel the need to hide the nail from your so...
So feminist.
both are an infinite knot of semantics and hypothetics
Gulliani the best AG hire by a president who promised to drain the swamp.
Auuplplpppuulll
Try sorbet.
I used to belong to a nice country club, now it's all negroes.
"but r/politics doesn't ban people" Yeah they just downvote dissenting opinions to oblivion.
Ok
Where is the search bar?
Fair enough.
You seem to be doing a good job of that.
Yeah guys,let's save people by letting them die!
Did you know that America was colonized by people fleeing religious persecution in England and most of the founding fathers explicitly tried to keep religion out of the government (thus the first amendment).
You better not be a manhunter
To be fair, many buildings were flattened by war time bombing so by the time brutalism came along they were just piles of rubble.
Android TV now allows formatting external drives as internal storage so Plex will use that.
His family tree was a wreath.
O Shit wall up!
Ye XD
shaming people for not voting for the "lesser of two evils" great.
Thank you for clarifying.
And you become, Molrat-khiiin!
Windows 10 also has this feature if you have a mic plugged in and the voice feature is turned on.
Swerves Wide left.
Give me some names I'll claim on their behalf
There's a surprising lack of your mom in here...
Get good and don't be in memejoe joseph's class
I was just arguing against this the other day... I can't believe how many people there are out there who actually want Thought &amp; "Truth" Police... because that could never end bad...
You can digitally rent kingsglaive on Google play or Amazon as well.
She sounds like a happy upbeat person.
What isn't racist anymore?
We definitely need to know each and every time this updates
Blasphemy, this is r/jokes, it just HAS to be a repost
RIP those panels with burn-in.
I'm sitting here wondering wtf went wrong?
no treyarch is just going to make a even more loosely connected installment, leading you to believe you were in the matrix the whole time
Dam dude I don't think i've ever recived as many messages in my life time on reddit as you have in that video
Tell me one measurable problem recently thats been caused by climate change.
Damn Illinois... We shoulda known that damn Rod Blagojevich was up to terrorist deeds apart from corruption!
Probably a Keynesian economist.
It's a beautiful country and the people seem really nice, I wouldn't mind to visit it!
Easiest way to stop the rot...
I never thought about that way!
Dudes ankles look weird and her has a cheerleader pom pom in his ass.
DAMN ILLEGALS!
He's draining that ol swamp, didn't you get the memo?
Shurely Trump is gonna stop that, right?
Asphyxiation Whoever came up with the idea that almost choking to death was a turn on must have been a very interesting person indeed.
Yes, but Trump is an exception
I love you, but only on weekends and for shallow reasons obviously.
How can you show your cat the pure violence of the combat in runescape
You'd also need to consider the UK looking at the proposition from a different perspective - how would the UK be now if it had never joined in 73.
now I am totally convinced this is the same person....
Totally haven't seen these exact criticisms before
Stocks in burn cream... BUY STOCKS IN BURN CREAM!
well i hope you will enjoy this "new feature" and make world great again
Must've been an Air Force pilot...
Save yourself the cancer and don't.
TIL that 1 ft is a number
Cheese graters.
why stop there, just call everyone but Romo.
Guess we're not just walling out just one Spanish speaking country anymore
Yeah, we can also make it merit based, so Canadians who are getting above a certain average will get a part of their tuition paid, and it continues on a sliding scale until tuition is free after a certain average like 90+.
Sorry for the delay, my girlfriend says she got them at Cracker Barrel
Kentuckian, but we have a German Shepard, so fueling that second place
:/ Surprise
Thank you for this interesting comment.
Gotta point the
They've already said you won't be charged unless the location is full or nearly full.
Jornalismo de qualidade.
That is the real image
Privilege...
So war profiteering.
The crazy part was he kinda hits the rear door, they shut it, and then when he tries to go, the front door opens and boxes him in again.
So true, have a upvote.
Most likely it will always continue to be in republican's favor too.
Yeah, like Nelson Mandella is dead or maybe just paralyzed?
This type of attitude is why Trump is president!
I'm so sick of you libtards calling all of us whites racist just because we think all blacks look like lower primates so I'm voting for Trump
sounds like the man i want in charge
You're a hell of a negotiator
I would be extremely surprised if they weren't, considering there are more tigers living in people's backyards in Texas than in the wild
hell of a trunk size to fit 4 spares
All phone scammers will now be using phones powered by solar.
Forgot the
Russia hacked the paper!
And water resistant?
Fking Olmsted
y not
Take out a paychevk loan at 3,423% interest
That she is worried about getting arrested means she was probably considering sleeping with you ;)
I thought Trump was supposed to bring an end to all of this pussy PC culture?
Pirates, man.
"No-Win for Nolan"
The eu didn't exist until 2002.
It's almost like DBZ creators and fans had some sort of learning disorder.
At least a 14-year time skip would be reasonable if the next project follows continuity.
It's totally acceptable to fuck over people in the Midwest, that's flyover country full of poors!
Literally unwatchable.
You can get all the t3 sets from BMAH, but the original source (Naxx40) was removed with the beginning of WotLK.
Admittedly, the Halloween one was also awesome though.
Ruckus on 15th and Republican on Capitol Hill has been consistently awesome.
The team in the lead doesn't need to have all three flags capped to mercy the losing team, one team just has to hit 12,000 points before the other team reaches 4,000 points (for control and rift, the score thresholds are different across game modes of course).
I like it aside from the icons
More like he showed frustration for not being able to get a title with/for Argentina, twice against a clearly contemporary, and historical lesser team that have only able to win through penalty kicks and shitty football ..... must be hard....
Guess I should've added the
Pff, i can do that with every 3* skill fifa player ...
Hey, when I use the N word it is without any of the racial baggage YOU guys apply to it.
Or less.
Hint?
do you mind posting your specs?
So do we go for an AGI or STR build?
You seem like a fun guy.
Except during takeoff and landing
Because we spent so much time at the debates and on the campaign trail discussing climate.
Well aren't you a Bro :)
That would've been 000s
Surely the Syrians settling in European countries are more tolerant than this.
The great eagle sentry renaissance of april
Shitpost much?
He is such a racist!
I usually do double over until i get close to 3pl8 and then i switch
Starting to think that "bot" is actually a dude trolling people...
Username checks out.
Ma di questa faccenda ancora non hanno detto se le merendine che vendeva contenevano olio di palma!
Actually that's illegal =)
It would be a shame if the perpetrator's names were leaked to the public.
Funny!
Yeah but it's so luxurious and instagram pics will cause envy back home
Sanctioning bodies...
"speculation"
I'll play the odds on that
I have 370 pages worth of proof
He's like the Micheal Jordan of LoL!
sell before people start ripping for FO today.. his price will go down today
Let's just start making pin little yellow crescents to their shirts.
?
Lol that's what camping is; you don't need hot pressurized water to clean your gooch.
Fair enough.
This, kids, is why you don't forget your
That would be a dick move to refund it, since it's all going to charity.
Maybe they could wear something so others can easily identify them as Muslim... Like a symbol that is commonly associated with this particular religion...
So you guys are saying I *should* watch 2001, right?
Conservation of Energy.
Who goes in his place?
The *just* right temperature to roast a BBQ made of flame wars.
The vision argument was always retarded though
Oh no you didn't
You are correct.
And solution to the global warming problem via keeping the Earth in permanent shade
Yeah, autism.
I guess I meant animal species, updated.
mr
Springtrp?
I love how the borgies have it all figured out!
That's even worse because he's actively invalidating someone's personal experience.
Incognito mode basically shuts off Cookies and Saved data, which is why you need to redo everything in your settings every time.
Pretty funny, I'm sure Jason would have thrown if if the situation was reversed and it was his alliance member on the line..
Looks like someone volunteered for cat facts!
I would wear "stuck up bitch" as a medal with so much pride.
That sounds reasonable.
He's bad and clunky as fuck.
The Last of Us.
No, he's 1st, can't you see?
When your sexual behavior is the only important aspect of your personality.
Follow the money to see where the vested interest lies in this society.
But... it's so obvious!
Not at all.
No, Chad from Screw Attack
Hes probably talking about the edgelord rogues that strafe back and forth like a child on meth while you're stunned.
Because fuck you, that's why.
Probably got better Field position anyways
I guess you dropped this
You could get a much safer RB1 or solid RB2 for cooks depending on your league
It's not low gravity?
John Daley is a child-looking FBI psychiatrist.
Why do so many hate posts here have the "I'm liberal but" prefix
Oy, we need to build a better troll-trap.
well i guess we can all learn a lot from this at least, i mean them relying on "kickstarters" so many times which is kinda red flag i guess
I just hope this post won't bankrupt her project.
Exercising?
It's the difference between chopping down the tree and drying out the soil...
"Beware the fury of a patient man" - John Dryden
You're the real racist for being offended.
I think it'll be 470 quality, only problem is games will try to force higher graphics/1440p resolution on it so it won't hit 60fps again
It wont fix anything, but the PMM got an ammo buff in the next patch.
I get the same, except it's wiggling from pulling up jeans.
Gives the sub that warm "homey" feeling, really...
me too, thanks
Yeah, I didn't recognize the name but when I saw OP's clip, I thought: That's the pirate guy from Dodgeball!
This is the best subbreddit.
*slow clap*
I always get drawn in because I want to read the utter garbage of comments and always end up stopping after the first 2 or 3 because of the headache I always get.
Not unless you have queens web equipped
Huge difference if true
I've checked and there's no browser service running on MIUI 8, but there's the shitty security app that's always running and you can't disable (it'd actually be a pretty decent app, if shit like Clean Master/Tencent wasn't a part of it), but other than that I didn't notice anything running in the background that seems suspicious.
Im so sick of people calling trump supporters uneducated.
It's not even close to a joke, what's *not* comedy cemetery about this?
Hi, it's me, your dad
OMG REPOST
Option
Whitney's god damn Milktank.
Nah, game devs are evil, publishers are evil, anyone who deals with money is evil.
Is that sexual assault?
Lol
Yea, that's what fecal matter is.
Women can't be sexest, duh.
That's what someone who created climate change would say!
I'm odding
You traitor!
No, I'd say that going to the store is.
No because ds2 was made by the B-team and so it's automatically complete garbage and ds3 was made by the A-team which can never do any wrong
I love you :)
It's always that one Indian dude who scores above the curve...
Gotta step up with some gimmick puppets
Guy has young kids, I have no doubt that's a big part of his motive for having a fucking spider flamethrower.
[NSFW]
Because obviously, all the world's problems are caused by millennials.
Also consult your doctor before taking it.
im gay xd
Yeah, I can see how that would bring you down.
Right, if not everyone was killed that means no one was
O how nonbiased of you!
Great observation!
Painfully.
I've had the opposite experience
I wish
Minorities are clearly dumber
Yea, the billionaire CEOs in the health care industry really have your back
How presidential of him
Why even get a sub if you're not going to commit any time to it?
Because Republicans believe in an individual's right to choose ANYTHING and Dems NEVER support an individual's right to choose something.
The solar weapons system can evicerate an enemy of the ogilarchy using cyber fed sun particles molecular level
Yeah, wouldn't have been nearly so bad if was a Muslim
It's almost like the media never acted like Obama misspoke or something.
And he scored, and I failed to dump 1mil investment into his OTW
Why would you leave a picture of Omni Ark here?
Oh well in that case, what a sweet and hilarious prank!
Yeah, yeah, but your scientists were so preoccupied with whether or not they could that they didn't stop to think if they should.
Cant wait to make us great again.
This is the one thing I'm glad no one in government is messing with.
so weaboo tards with thier bitching got the game delayed awesome!~
It turned out that a hero power that does damage was good for decks that aimed to do damage, and that a hero power that gains effective hp is good for decks that want to stall.
I actually got one early from Eb Expo
Me too thanks
Try not eating them.
yeah, screw the baby's choice!
only white people can be racist and they are only found in one of the parties!
yes because people finding out trump's people did this would have no backlash and would really boost them.
de trk ur jrbs
Surf du Soleil.
Alexi Lalas
Well, he didn't say which 2 years
No offense, but spin back kicks are much harder to hit and should be punished if abused.
DAT USERNEIM
Ya I just doubled my Internet and it is awesome
Well, it's either the fact that I managed to score a 99.17% on a calculus test just earlier today while having a fucking panic attack, or the fact that I'm lucky enough to have a fucking amazing girlfriend who supported me and gave me love throughout my all-day breakdown.
500% increase of "FLAIR UP"
SeemsGood
Welcome to r/jokes
I laughed when I saw the "I CAN'T HEAR YOU" bot
not only that, Highmountain Kite got nerfed from 2 mins to 15 what the fuck is wrong with having fun and enjoying the game?
Rockets don't sink
My bad, edited.
Fucking Julia's man.
don't confuse Ass of the year with anime of the year.
Exectly, especially the skins, just because SKINS!
I am very glad we are finally a positive rolemodel
Just because hunters have no table manners you cannot assume the same applies to monsters!
Depends on just how quickly Trump falls apart, could only take a few months into 2017 before everyone wakes up if he does something that directly affects his base.
I dream of turboing an Iron Duke in a 94 Tempest.
Engineering Watch Supervisor
Because anything more right than a socialist is obviously a neo nazi, right?
Gee, this is the first time I've seen this gif.
But he's only saying mean things!
We are playing the beta for a little bit more than two years.
My rent for 1 room in student accommodation costs more a month than my brothers mortgage on his brand new 4 bedroom detached house.
Hmmm, sounds like something an anti-Semite would do.
Dude but you can get handguards on Ebay for $20
Well said!
He's the TV whisperer.
\*fortifies*
Is this a fantasy?
YES
Those Russians ;D
As a Republican, he would enjoy burning that lump of coal as Climate Change is a hoax brought on by a Chinese, Anti-Christian conspiracy.
Massive Faraday cage around the whole country.
I live my life one game at a time.
He should fire all the Republicans cause the Dems want so
Genuinely curious, how would the Rockettes here differ from the pastry chefs/bakers refusing to make cakes for gay weddings?
They think it's adorable, but it really seems like a mental illness
Maybe add those npcs that play music and restore run energy
Yeah man, Cadillacs are disgusting.
*per dollar.
It's like that one time when Zoro went to Mihawk
It isn't even a decision, more than half of the time the dash flings cupid so far out of position that the steroid is not worth being sandwiched between the front-line and the back-line
Sexism/racism isn't lessened because it's done to "someone of a privileged group"
You need the 2nd drive, so you can just copy over an image with the infection
As a brit, the American incompetence over manual (stick-shift) is hilarious!
Phishing
Like a bunch of fuckin NAZI FACISTS!
BMW's 2017 models are facing a delay, but last I've heard they haven't been scrapped or anything.
Yes.
Gotta love the crazy Yakuza's.
Austin Furniture Depot is pretty reasonable with a decent selection of some meh stuff and some cool stuff
Yes, but it goes for instant potatoes too.
Nothing really seemed special about any of those for an entire year of playing.
FOUND THE FUCKING WHITE MALE!
Ok, a troll reply, enjoy your amazing superiority
Of course, you are naturally relating to your time in a palestinian refugee camp, nothing at all with using a Nullsec phrase that absolutely isn't racist whatsoever
Don't you guys love it when they tease an announcement
This is one of those rare comments that is stupid wether you were serious or sarcastic.
Yeah, but that's just your opinion, *maaaaan*
Thanks!
Yes, just look at this thread and clearly everyone is against it.
Noooooooooooooo
Grinding components is so much more better than grinding mats yeah.
We are very proud of you.
The DQ7 Hero looks adorable in that picture.
Spell dmg
I think it has the best theme of any anime ever
I doubt anything happens unless the conservatives get voted in next election.
What?
He just assumed her identity though, based on the color of her skin.
To be fair, there isn't really a better reason to have kids, the yard needs to get mowed somehow and the bushes won't trim themselves.
He's not your buddy guy!
Is that a remake of The Burrows episode with Kenny and Joe?
Black beast in this ho'.
Well glad they think he's shit like us pedestrians.
Most other invis champs received some rebalancing to go along with the stealth changes.
Off topic.
Steam sale down to $12-15 for the complete edition twice a month.
yeah, I can't handle dogs that will just dart and run up to other people, especially if there's little kids or families, there's no reason why a dog should be in front of anyone throwing or putting either, I'm with ya on that.
Most of the FtM people I have met, said that they do not trust the genital surgery yet, as the tech and surgery are not quite there yet, although some do it, most won't.
Is my surprise showing?
are you black?
Then why are you ranting about this
I'm looking forward to the narcissistic comments.
BEEP BOOP
Because the Illinois Democrat Party has been doing such a bang-up job of fixing the fiscal mess we're in!
But I bet Breitbart and Infowars are totally legitimate from your viewpoint and you're convinced Fox News has never lied...
So people with variable interest rates may get fucked over?
tumblr confirmes it.
#OH GEEZ, OH MAN!
Sorry
For *white* men, mind you.
Oh shit we're doomed
I'm now happy that I usually stay in Hilton Hotels.
WT
I'm sure the restructuring of congressional districts after the census had nothing to do with getting more Republicans in Congress.
Roadhog I love hooking people during their ultimates
College Gameday
right after witch doctor
I carry a FAK but its not enough for any real trauma - theres a weight/likeliness of use tradeoff to make, and 1 med quickclot is about all i pack.
I can't wait until being a mod here is a feeder position to join the MLB offices
You're free to go mr finicum
because not alot of people know baseball :(.
How good SESTITO make other players look
But it's definitely Sikh
Surely in the past family ties were worth something?
Yeah, but because of the strict gun laws there, there's no gun crime or gun violence.
Can't spell peanut butter without nut er butt
Canadian here, what's a penny?
It's like saying 'if gennady golovkin beats this high schooler without using his right arm, that will make him the greatest fighter of all time'
You *also* forgot Jim "I killed a man" Webb and Lincoln "my dad just died" Chafee
RIP 45 is insane
Miata is always the answer
It's pretty evident he cracked after his mother died, and many people thought thought he picked himself up after marrying Kim, but boy were we wrong
I think he's trying to say "black don't crack"
When the eraser is gone but they won't stop erasing with it.
I'm sure that expert negotiator you guys got now will fix all that!
Oven baked
Is it really an ATM machine on the notes?
Pls no
I think OP forgot to put
Yes, basically and probably unintentionally.
Probably likes crackers too, cos parrots *have* to like crackers right?
nah hes a shutdown centre
It's called balance...
Michigan: Colorado, Wisconsin, PSU Ohio State: Oklahoma, Wisconsin, Michigan.
Did not expect to see Book of Mormon references in r/NBA My favorite broadway show!
People always confuse serial masterbators and mass masterbators.
I'm going to catch diabetes AND my favorite pokemon!
Or Star Citizen
Better invest in a lift kit.
X-Files theme
Pizza delivery guy... sausage and steak... ;)
You never shoot a guy in his dick, Butters.
His tire says that this bike is purely for show.
dont think so, im in Sydney so idk
* budweiser * quality Pick one.
since it came out on ps4 first im guessing he really didnt want to start over and have to buy the game again
Last worlds they got knocked out by OG SSG didn't play THAT well in the gauntlet, KT drafted horrible compositions and allowed them to take tahm even though coreJJ showings were only really amazing on tahm
What's the reverb/hold?
Game is live now
It's okay to ejaculate anywhere you want
This is much different from Liberals in the past.
Except the US has never lost an ISDS case, ever.
Cant believe you didnt go to Sweden, how could you refuse such a wonderous offer?
People loosing their trust in Ruppee, how could this happen?
Ready for the mosh pit, Shaka Brah.
Did you not notice the fro was back against the Panthers?
They went out of business real quick and are rare as hell so it's not surprising.
He was wearing a 49ers cap in his support for Kaepernick, the guy is fat sweaty liberal 100%.
starbucks
I'm sure their parents raised them right and they'll get punished at home
1999 Bizarre Summer
you dropped this.
But Hillary's just as bad and would have done the same things!
tipped scales
If you feel that way, isn't this the perfect subreddit for them?
Do you think this can me used to do simple quests?
Well evolution is just a "theory" after all
Melania is such a racist I heard she wore white to a wedding and black to a funeral.
Why would that be a Bodum-Brazil problem though?
Another great example of how European Turkey really is
Should've been a mage card
Wtf.... Some type of a meltdown, hope he gets better but at the same time... I'm glad i didn't buy any ICOs from ethereum, they are ripe targets for hackers especially when the people running out are not technical, which in this case, send to hold true
Those aren't lobbyists, those are experienced policy creators.
What about the elephant?
I would absolutely be interested.
Nah, Mr.Poopybutthole is definitely real.
They look stupid
Yeah, not seeing movies should be a crime....
GGG Balance team showing the world why they are clearly the best in the business.
Thanks!
I don't think he's for sure better than macd overall but as far as recent results I think prof deserves the higher seed
Yawn.
^^^^I ^^^^elected ^^^^B&amp;W ^^^^as ^^^^the ^^^^GOTY ^^^^for ^^^^the ^^^^steam ^^^^awards
Co-Sponsored by mudiji
Oh the feminist!
Petition for Blizzard to implement a peanut butter color progress bar for Winston
Same except I believe there has been proof that I've been able to see.
Yes but robots don't buy cars or food
i live in a rain forest its so dense you could get lost 2 feet from the trail, always stay on the path or tie a rope to a tree on the side of the path and use it to mark your way, but ideally you just stick to the path
watching them together makes me feel funny in my special place
Yea yea, Lavine for Butler right?
Now I just hope they show up and compete, especially if their first round is against sk
But his Facebook posts make us laugh!
I wasn't going to get this for a while, but now...
We are going to kill it...
Good thing all those homeless people definitely have enough money for rice and beans, and then the means to prepare this.
I mean they only specifically mentioned it like 4 times, obviously it was difficult to notice
The people who, for some reason, are downvote-bombing this entire thread.
I'd say that's a good compromise.
Yes, this reference is obscure
LOOK AGAIN, SUCKER
But Pink is for Girls?
I have a crazy vagina fetish... I love vaginas
I just wanted to say counter-intuitive in a real sentence
Kurt Warner?
Y'all Queada
Does it spike?
awww, look at Father Gabriel with his 9 episodes - wish he had more screen time in each
goes to clemson and is a lot better?
I'm really not sure I want immersive poop :/
Heck, my hecking local Best Buy never carries audio stuff beyond beats, skullcandy, and Bose QC series
Sounds like my sister She'll sometimes just out of the blue go bonkers mad at anything I do, and blame it on her mood It's one thing if she's on her period, but any other time, it's just kinda ridiculous
You forgot the
I'll take two!
So he could become a condescending twat like you?
Also: r/raisedbynarcissists
Well, he is a white male, so maybe they're onto something.
Yeah their interests diverge in the long run but for the next couple years high oil prices are good for both.
Trees/Forest
That expensive headset the gods of non-Prime MG1 always wear
Ugh... if you love public radio so much why don't you just marry it... Turrible post :P
Conor is charismatic and more likable than a stoic russian therefore it's okay if he acts like a dick
lucky I don't stream, that would have been a mess of bleeps.
He ain't got time to reload!
I hope you dropped this
she can still mid supp or adc!
The hypochondria is the power house of the cell Wait no that's not right.
i guess you complain about being unable to walk around naked as well
There is some pretty stellar science fiction around the idea that most civilizations get to a certain point and then destroy themselves, which is why we don't find more intelligent life.
Same goes to hillary though, sad world
Plus supplements of the anabolic variety probably.
Uh huh, suuuuuuuuuuuure.
if you are ready let me know in about 2 hours we can run
Should but for some reason DICE was drunk when they "balanced" this out.
I would just like the hidden abilities
Cold-hearted bars these days...
sweet!
Xdevil Mk 2 plus Chakrams for loopers?
NANCE WILL MAKE 'EM DANCE
They don't!
Somewhere out there are two grandmas wondering if that picture will ever resurface.
there lies the problem, un will always be handicapped.
You forgot the #
shhh... its sexism.. she actually is only being called about for corruption because shes a female....
Is there even a lyric from this album that doesn't have a sexual connotation?
So black people do age, if they have a job.
yes
Oh, damn Dx thanky though
*black Santa
For fun, sort by controversial.
my penis
...really think so?
Maybe, but He had a mental illness..
Blog Spam, stream spam, and re-hosted content is not allowed.
now this is Padresing.
The logic there is astounding.
I thought it was common knowledge that Bejing is a critical campaign stop on the road to being BC's Primer.
Someone to learn Hebrew with.
nah it's the sexists and racists
But it's SO much work!
Yes, because Clinton wouldn't have drilled and definitely wouldn't have taken money from big oil companies
SONIA CHEWWWWW
You can watch their location live even (in San Jose, CA).
Canberra now has the Capital Coast Mariners, no need for a new team
It's okay though because the internet said vegans are annoying.
Well then he's just doing her a favour
just pretend there is nothing wrong with this game like 95% on this Sub.
Probably something about the England player not rolling away.
Ah yes, the company with the white nationalist roots, wouldn't want to stain that spotless record.
It is ok, you saw nothing.
**GET THAT WHITE LITTLE WOMAN-HATING SHITLORD OUT OF MY WALMART SKREEEEEEEEEEEEEEE**
I think hes acting :) Hes got the "mask" on, you can't imagine how much more different you are with a disguise ...
Oder Karma
Manchester United 3 - 1 Leicester City Ibrahimovic, Ibrahimovic, Lingard 22
S2 is still the first "real" worlds
My friend gets cat called every day and it's so so so stupid
Isn't Gaga the Snapchat in MRN?
Hey the kneepads are for the kids who get forced to suck dick in churches
Take my money, Blizzard.
People have gfs on this sub?
Totally not something that would need a hotfix
I need some context here
Precision shooters
Is this Trump's America?
Thats what you get for posting in their safe space....
The free market wins again!
Saw I to XVI
six hours of Rose McGowan's cleavage, coming up.
Because he ate KFC
Or a best friend or a sibling to the girl
people have opinions you commie loser
... When you're a stranger...
Have mine.
because doing it virtually is the same as the real thing...
he did hide helm slot before it was cool?
This is an extremely good use of portrait orientation.
They substituted Mormons to satisfy the PC crowd.
cody zeller and his moving screens
I speak for everyone when I say we need a "TEAM WORM" quick chat.
I prefer Beth Mowins.
Awesome tips, I am looking forward to trying this!
Hey papa, looking pretty buff
Well if **you** don't know about it then obviously it (they) don't exist.
Go beat Bama &amp; let Pitt win the Quality Win debate v. Penn State.
Let me guess... You never get the hero
Tucson sunset - you piss on them
Escape velocity is suddenly very high
Not really trying to prove anything, other than you should never trust anyone ever.
At least he didn't get autism.
I don't know
Just make sure you pick someone who is playing further up the pitch with good underlying stats.
T
The Catholic Church is literally Sauron
No, no, I think it's pronounced Suh-lah-me.
RX-0 Unicorn for br 8.0 MT pls
Are you gender-shaming your gunner ?
A Prothean observation outpost, where we use the advanced technology to learn how to use Element Zero to generate fields of low and high mass to eventually have to fight the Reapers and try to figure out wtf that ending was, but irl.
And 2016 takes one last victim
this isn't r/edm you don't *need* to put [New]
LPT: Open all the goods before buying them.
I'll second that thought.. My step mother was her own brand of evil so I understand.
Thanks for clearing that up.
you can do it with gimp
Finally, someone willing to do their due diligence
Its alright just seen its on Sky Sports
L
Which bundle?
I said "assault" not "deatomize".
Everyone knows that everything bad ever was because of Obama.
Wow, such constructive interesting criticism you two have
Being on TalkTalk's super secure list of "have access to porn" must be a comfort what with their outstanding security record and all!
Also Sanze, Dustice, and Spare, and _index has also been playing a bit recently.
So, you just want to insult people that hold different political positions than you, and don't really care about changing anyone's opinions?
I'm curious if they'll still get pissy once they don't get a new blue sticker.
There's a reason everyone in the SAS CTU has "gas masks" on
*wonders what pokemon_fetish does with the rest of her days, when not on TiA*
Yeah, you build a new town per chapter.
Interviews and foreplay.
Region exclusives and the legendaries
Still adorable at any weight!
Cunts who 'block the box' like @40s deserved to be disemboweled with a rusty fork.
I think somebody started a rumor that Trump bought Disney
Mmm I think that just as you can move jobs to a different location that needs a senior engineer, you can leave jobs and later get into a job thats asking for a senior engineer if you have the experience
Oh that was a good one.
Adrien Brody as Ben Amanda Seyfried as Susan A younger Freddie Highmore as Mark Petrie Christoph Waltz (with a thick 70s stache) as Matt Burke Daniel Day-Lewis as Father Callahan Live-Action Andy Serkis as Straker Benedict Cumberbatch as Barlow
2?
#NAME?
Never punch to the right, cuck.
NOOOO I GET OUT OF CLASS AT 830 DAMMIT
Who is holding the camera?
And vodka is water.
Spoiler alert: Johnson will not be elected POTUS in November.
All of it You can take it out like a bank whenever so it's literally free money that makes more money And with God Emporer trump I the Whitehouse we are going to be breaking stock market records
I don't know man, game seems to me to be pretty much exactly as it was described
Every time I play a console game that's not made by Nintendo.
1-800-WHO'S-MAN-IS-THIS
Mexico boi here
Chino Hills location definitely does.
Or make it so that attacking monsters only refreshes the stacks up to 2 stacks (vs the normal 4 that would now be vs Champions/Epic monsters only).
2 time super bowl MVP.
THEN WHO WAS UPLOAD
CTF
I believe he gave them equal time on twitter so yeah, we'll use your sliding scale of judgement and call it a false flag
The planes didn't fly through any smoke.
Some dirt in your rub walk
Therefore not racism
Yes bhakts are so illiterate only we are educated
I know it was a joke.
Go Redwings!
Suspicious cropping
You left too big of a gap, clearly you are to blame.
I don't think that I've ever seen a fennec fox sit still for so long on this sub.
*Gold Star Dad on the Clinton Payroll
smh true fans have every players' stat lines, age, and weight memorized
No mans sky for sure!
Apu, your company's offshored tech support guy, is getting fucked.
Have a look at the sub now OP
Let's do this.
This is why lions need meninism.
We all keep trying to make you understand that it was a meme before League of Legends existed.
The word cram when talking about computer parts makes me cringe
They misspelled bridge.
Reminiscent of howtobasic
Dil ko churaa le gayaa.....
Plot twist: KKK dude is actually an undercover cop.
username does not check out!
US left is still quite right in many issues in western scale.
Why put it to a vote?
But where are the FF3 girls Arc and Refia?
Well the screenshot makes it look that way though the readme at github doesn't mention it.
I tool a look, didn't see any.
Of course the enacting of the voter ID laws had nothing to do with bias either.
Sounds like your problem is economic malaise.
Must be all those showers!
They are anti intelectual if he solely attributes negligience to sciencists.
ffs at least have a go NZ
No it's ok guns are illegal in DC so nothing can happen there
I had just heatsinks and a couple of thermal vent lasers.
Jump
indonesia doesn't have patriot act, house won't pass it because the preemptive strike articles but if head of national police give a green light for densus to execute preemptive strike then we will see something in the tv in the next few weeks.
ColorizeBot
Maybe we can build affordable housing on it.
Obviously he is referring the the gold inlaid shingles with titanium reinforced substructures handcrafted by roofing artisans deep in the Peruvian rain forest not the typical asphalt shingles most people probably think of.
Source?
Aren't gays supposed to be proud though?
no salt added
...but HR still has to invite him to the Christmas Party!
"Day9 achieves 12 wins with this sick freeze mage list"
This coming from u/pussyonapedestal.
I suppose so if you consider urbandictionary a credible source.
I got the motherboard for $145 on eBay, and the xeons for $140 which were also on eBay.
Yeah, but the sick med baits bro
This is why I'm worried about our Mars mission.
I should have put a
how dare he concede the 1
Hauntzer and Sven are definitely decent enough but the Botlane will probably get abused just like top got abused back in the days
Because the kids can't possibly play so many games
You can call it whatever you want, in my eyes in the same shitty thing.
Yeah, living in a system where my only options are subjugate myself to the capitalist or die is real freedom
Doesn't it happen to people in hospitals pretty regularly?
why exactly do you abhor this?
Obviously not the entire universe like DC's Crisis On Infinite Earths but every few years a character gets their history retconned or rewritten.
The 2nd amendment is great, you should look into the Republican party.
My dictionary says that it was just a political movement in Italy during the 1930s, so therefore fascism doesn't exist anymore.
Microsoft has a monopoly on the operating system market, you can thank xbox for that, and in turn thank Microsoft for xbox.
Well if Musk said it, it must be true!
I don't think that TKOL is their magnum opus in the sense that RIL is for Talking Heads, but I do see and agree with that comparison: they've both got 5 spunky, polyrhythmic songs and then 3 slow, emotional songs.
Can't you just pound it out?
Nope, if you want us to win then we will lose out of spite!
Is it possible the owner was just too lazy to clean, is that different from hoarder?
Yeah it's very useful to become deaf when you plug something different.
yeah, he was clearly feeling suicidal, i'm glad the cops were their to assist him, otherewise he could have really hurt someone.
I've found great success with Costa too, easily one of the best players i've used
"that's ok, you need it all anyway..."
Obviously this wouldn't have happened if she was wearing those bright colours they wanted pedestrians to wear.
Am Australian and we've banned guns and this totally happens here also no freedom
Make NYC the capital again.
Oh the humanity...
Make the monarchy great again!
I think you just found the solution for cheating in all games!
Haha this fuckin nerd still uses Facebook
dat body buzz
Does that sort of situation play out regularly?
Talk about cringe.
Damn, how much are they going for?
pls no
mine lasted 8 years of torture
Probably dies in 8 years.
That's why he was played so much right?
Not being a spineless shill for the CCP.
BAM AND THE ZERG IS GONE
yea he tottaly acually strangled him, that wasnt exagerated at all so that a bunch of mongs have someone to hate.
It's what the design industry hates about business owners, few of them have any idea how important decent branding is.
Like at least 2!
Well, it'd have a different, smaller base.
That's why we go for nuclear energy--which is what powers the sun (basically).
Obviously he only won because he was hacking, proving his teammates right.
^^ There he is, way to "burst our bubble".
Lobbying.
It's actually a stuffed dog!
Worth it.
This team needs some #grit
Yeah the Browns fans have it easy.
Exhibit A: Barack HUSSEIN Obamacare
pretty sure Jesse Jackson is a spokesperson for every black person ever born.
Articulated bus
First off get it right, it's Dink and Dak.
But hl requirement is only having x number of heroes, get rekt kiddoes
Sure, if Comey, Putin and Assange will do the same.
Holy shit that guy smokes the rest of those ladder snails.
so hows that going
We shall place all LEDs at half luminescence in honor of a fallen comrade.
found the CTR shill
Libtards are the real racists though.
It's a good thing the Republicans opposed the auto bailout then.
but Hillary's emails are anti-Semitic if you replace "pasta" with "fuck the Jews" and "pls print" with "buy more Zyklon B"
found the secret Muslim
It's great to see that he is bringing back jobs already.
Kobe would've known
For when you want a Porsche but also want to lose drag races to J bodies.
Collard Greenes?
It follows the same model as the Rollins/Cena/Brock match except in my opinion the pacing of the Fast Lane match is WAY higher, Brock bumps like a boss through 2 tables and the crowd heat is actually intense (due to this deciding the #1 contender and the crowd being so anti Roman they are actually mega hot for Ambrose and Brock) The finish is hella anti climactic, but it's still a terrific match.
Your* :)
the tounge returns(?)
The 80's were a diff time my guy
Mas especifico, pregunta por lo de tu vecina
Time spent acting normal, 'just in case someone is watching' ?
I bet half of our score are hobos gathering used beer cans.
but that document was clearly doctored... regardless, a guy with a name like Barack Hussein Obama is clearly the antichrist incarnate.
Not to mention he seemed pretty shoddy on the 'making them listen and not murder everything non-securitron in the vicinity.'
Tl; Dr we need axioms
It's a good thing that FIFA has no influence on reality.
Hey with all this money he can get prostitutes, and if he impregnates them it's not even a problem, let the pimp deal with it.
Sexist patriarchal pig!
G Gundam had the tight latex suits in the little cockpit area that sent information to move the Gundam as the pilot moved.
he is a nogawdanb
Dear Google, can you convince Amazon to support Chromecast for Prime Videos?
How about you provide the link?
Yeah she does, she is in a pretty good form atm.
Tbh, the salami sword thing was way more racist than Pierce's comment.
Congratulations, you just made the man delete his account.
Random normal dungeons will give you between 25 and 30% of a level each (depending of the quantity of trash)
Thats just pubic hair
There must be if someone put up a website.
Maybe next year you grew a beard :D
Oh well, it's just scientist, what do they know!
Looks great but the teleporting really brings me out of games like this, I think I'd wait for some other ^^onward system to be added.
Well for starters it's a bit more expensive than chins :P
It looks like you look for a living, for a living.
No, that sounds like a mountain of deep machine coding, the devs don't have time for that!
So out of touch
I have a friend who has gone to work sick because she has to save her very limited sick days to accommodate her occasional crippling migraines.
As a Raptors fan, DMC for JV and TRoss?
I got the achievement and emblem, therefore it's not glitched.
winkyface must be the new
God forbid someone had pot in their name, because we all know that is what leads people to hardcore drug use -- not to be mistaken for causation with the sum of their idiotic life decisions, which is never the source of the problem.
He only voted for Trump so jobs will come back, obviously not for Trump's racist rhetoric (which doesn't exist)
Bandito Burrito
Congratulations on being a glimmering beacon of perfection.
I'm not your bro, guy!
A reboot, got it.
Not sure how you got that extrapolation.
yeah, hit one of them, get stalked and not stalked as in "crazy ex-girlfriend/ boyfriend" way a lot worse considering her life experience, just their attention is enough to gaslight her to drive her to suicide fucking shitbags oh, the rise of white nationalism in the usa is not a big deal at all
Why don't you get someone to cut her power then?
Now THAT video made me cry..
This is quite possibly the best title I've ever seen.
The rotation part is that new sets rotate in while old ones rotate out.
The nostolgia, the series where I watched this every weekend and shipped so much harder than any other anime.
Stay woke!
It's a workaround to offline raiding in general.
Actually, they'd be way better than dead: they'd be arrested.
Tem que economizar!
- 2-3 years preferred
oh so the clinton foundation is behind it
I am still vibrating from the finale tbh
Yeah...2008 and 2009 they were SHITTY...averaging 52 wins a year with him as their best player
Well shit, I guess Kessler is money and we don't need a QB
well, it *is* just a theory.
I am pretty sure people do not play scion because of its portrait and not because her ascendancy tree is trash.
Don't you know tanks are hard and are like wilting flowers that no one can succeed in!
You think you can't earn a RAV4 as a waitress or bartender?
This has sunk me farther into a deep depression
Of course, the Russians made your dog poop where he shouldn't as well
Then she should start demanding 40 hour weeks, paid vacation, and sick leave.
I don't think it sounds like shit... I think what you are referring to though is it is VERY obvious where he plugs in.
There is a big difference between 'you are contractually obligated to lose weight' and calling somebody Mrs piggy.
Only if he was president for life...
I like your handwriting you fucking retard.
Those two photos don't look like they're on the same street...
Adding to this, the embossing on the tongue is also good.
What are you talking about, the free market will fix everything!
above Manchester, would be a long road trip especially on A roads :D
Then stop killing karil?
Just buy AMD cards ;)))))
Good man/woman.
Anyone else try to hit the back button on the picture?
Mean while they've already taken the WiiU to the back, treat it one last meal with BotW and cocked the gun.
Enough shade to cause a blizzard in Florida.
Mine is 1000000000mb
The best defender in the NFL is indeed tough to question, but its not Von Miller.
Skip to Pearl Islands
"Sealings" then?
Yeah dude, nothing like multinational, multi-billion company to show their diversity and culture by hiring cheap foreign workers.
GOES
Sent!
Seriously AMAZING.
What happened to all the paid for protesters?
Obviously, duh.
Given their stance to obstruct the nomination of a Supreme Court justice by any Democrat - I'm not so sure they're on the side of Democracy.
The God Emperor of Mankind, who protects us from the forces of chaos.
Well yeah, it's easy when you're a friggin robot!
I'm 29 going to turn 30 as well so I feel you
Putin maybe supportive but I don't think the Russian people would offer thaw same suppot.
She's got to get pregnant first and *then* Robyn gets to have that *sweet sweet* titty milk
*whoosh*
Never change, YFS.
Rence Priebus is an anagram for Prince Erebus, lord of the underworld in Greek mythology.
GOD CAN SOMEONE BRIGHTEN THIS UP I CAN'T SEE A THING
Thanks
Ok, but it's not like he threw a cat into a fire or anything.
Hometown glory from 19 is a classic too Edit also chasing pavements
Something happened to the text on the right also, its all jumbley and stupid lookn.
Why should I pay any attention to stop signs - there are so many people killed in the world due to poor drivers and if I stopped running random people down it won't impact the global car related deaths
Vamos vender o Acre de volta...
Mint or death
As a saskatchewanian, I'm half shocked that the NIMBY argument hasn't been countered by saying they'll build the reactors up north where only natives will be affected by a meltdown!
I was referring to this bar that stickily sold Lionshead.
Good review.
Right, because Trump supporters were never condescending.
Indeed, that would NEVER happen in the states.
Eurabia/Eurafrica is so fucked I will never call it Europa again
yeh bladevortex has a very high skill cap.
The way u used Tim Horvat's really confused me, thought u were talking about Tim Horton's
He's not your amigo, champ.
I have a Waste Not/Dark Deal deck that my multiplayer group said they felt like punching me after playing it once.
Nice ;)
Why does southern Morocco have its own flag?
But... he can't rebound.
Where does it say no snowballs or sleds?
But I mean, shouldn't the password have been in dwarfish if it was written in elvish?
Yeah, he's never dealt with that before
She means "Pound-Town" am I right?
Can't be truly altruistic without filming it and posting on social media for the likes, right?
I saw it and thought " that's not trashy at all" then I read the caption.... made sense.
We can all carpool and save gas
Meh...
Surely this will soothe the pain of this poorly officiated loss that the Texans are feeling right now.
Your logic is not welcome here
Why would you want to leave ?
Only in the hands of those who are really good at initiating, otherwise i think it could be a really bad laning choice and will almost always give up the early push in lane and will have no pressure etc.. But if you have someone like Mata playing alistar, then yes its defo pick or ban.
Yeah he was Brad
Yeah, don't tell the Pointe du Hoc or Omaha guys they had it easy, they might not see it that way...
Needs to take a shill pill
That's me.
My friend has cloud 2s, and we like to call them hyper leaks because holy shit, I can hear everything he is listening to, even over my own audio.
But she said she's "a progressive that likes to get things done!"
Frying bacon.
In my case my wife said "You don't need 7 Gyarados" Still probably right though.
A trusted charismatic person that is perceived as the rightful leader of their country reinforcing their worst fears could be a catalyst.
Neither side is totally right in American politics.
I envy you so much rn 20 more days Just 20 more days
Nobody likes you when you're twenty three, but nobody has loved you any of the other years either.
Hi
As if the bradleys looked good to begin with?
Everything is a thing!
well feel the pain like the rest of us Kappa
i don't wanna die
I've used gardevoir and milotic a lot but wouldn't use the others in a team at all o;
Hahaha, Aspergers and neckbeards, hahaha lol so similar
Can't wait to see this 480p beauty on the big screen
the stage area is back, and a stairway to the projector
All I can taste is rainbow :(
Its ok, IMO not worth it to spend money on microtransactions/mobile games.
This kind of shit is why the second amendment exists.
yeah, I'm wondering about that guy's SPM:)
Reporting someone for killing you a bunch of times will definitely get them banned
Classic.
Original writing is something completely different.
The historical sources are obviously fakes by NASA
She's been married before I ever met her.
Yes!
Everyone knows the graphics are handled by the TV (monitors can do it too but they suck), thats why consoles have much better graphics.
lmao
No respect for the source material
By what right does the wolf judge the lion?
Yup, trump and his trophy hunter sons will be real great for animals
ITT: Popular opinions
nice jab, he shouldnt have made the campaign promise for his fist 100 days if he couldnt accomplish it in 8 years, friend.
I unironically like all of these suggestions.
what are you a fucking trump supporter?
Currently taking a "technology in the classroom" course and it is mental.
That honestly makes it even better, props on a job well done.
you forgot
I'm starting to think maybe there's some validity to this Bradberry conspiracy
Honestly, I thought Kendrick/Ibushi should have made it, that match was insane
It's totally the zerg's fault that there's no resistance
*sigh* This is why we need a wall.
Obviously Green Bay sucks so we can't be good, right?
I dont think the gen2 app does timers - you can use the go to sleep function to set a fade out on an already turned on light but again you need to set the time to start the fade....
Bet they don't, because they aren't going to be available.
Yeah I felt the same way, this race wasn't about being good at steering or going fast at all, it was about dying 100 times until you knew exactly how to jump each unpredictable gap.
earth
You're a strange bird but I like the cut of your jib :)
mods, sticky this pls
A wildly inaccurate weather forecast?
Can't wait to see how good this is gonna run on AMD Gpu's...
That's just the lord's punishment for you enjoying sex.
Im new player, whats good about this item?
i highly doubt that..... They probs just dont stream it
Play ranked all the time.
yeah him fucking around in solo Q totally shows how he would perform at IEM!
No diversity in this casting at all, dreadful form from marvel ^
But bruh eminem is cool, and kanye just stupid rhymes and he steals other people music and just loops it amirite?
wheels are clean af
Denny low-key tried to hurry the NASCAR season up by getting the races over faster..
This is why people pay for Netflix **and** pirate their content.
"You can't smoke no black and mild with me but you can shower with me"
Sell that coin.
It's a dry heat.
The rules of the sub apply to commentators here, not people in the real world; if we applied the rules to the subject matter of the subreddit, there would be very few posts to browse.
and that Scooby and the gang pull back his mask to reveal he is actually Josh Gordon
"Other items" doesn't mean Halloween items.
You're not watching enough Ron Swanson, son.
Sadly, this incident will be used to stereotype all squirrels as a danger to humans.
Sure, the short name changed but the full name is still Czech Republic
I am mtftmtftm and this triggers me.
No.
I CC'd the Lord on all of these emails, He was notified of the meeting time and the topic of discussion.
They sent you guns for free?
All you gotta do is replace the flash hider with a comp and you don't have to worry about it
Complete dex
Yes, but all you have to do is play the song backwards and you're good.
for it to happen in a truck is bad... but a car is absurd.
How ironic that the proud Jewish man is also a nazi...
I haven't read the article but I'm guessing by the title that the message is that "the security dilemma is a trap."
50% off in everything Kappa I want a CM costume Keepo
The audio is why most of these games are over 16 gigs
Obviously the 3 deserts is making up for the whole "you're only worth 3/5s a person" thing.
Did you reply to your own comment?
Time flies by in the city of life, time stands still in the country... god that movie holds near and dear to me.
Exactly!
You meant to say "this is how racist cops and America and whites are," right?
###LOOK AT THE CAMERA!
Sent a pm
That's the spirit!
It's ok, he's not racist just alt-right
I think a lot of Nazis said something along those lines after the war.
some people just arent creative enough to come up with original ideas so its just a stepping stone
No, YOU'RE the man now, dog!
Why is your dishwasher on the coutertop?
Reported for encouraging activities that will lead to alcohol poisoning
Did I ask bro?
Bring us back to 1958!
that was.....beautiful
Now that's just crazy talk!
Camacho?
So... a crit Fire IV with food, then?
Super Competitive Ateing
It's a shitpost.
Cuz he was asking for 125k a year and TL don't want to pay that and hopefully hecz doesn't either
You just don't know what REAL socialism is maaaaaan
If kaikoura is anything to go by, the amount of land that gets pushed out of the ocean when there's a big earthquake will counter the rising sea levels from climate change.
You mean they're not supposed to remove features when they make a new game?
He made the best cod comp podcast, and great 1v1 interviews with players.
I use the Mexican's foods as a substitute for stool softener.
I'm sure that mistake affected no one else.
Live performance by King Maxel
Pretty sure that's hair and not coffee.
Tss, always these immigrants not integrating into society and having these parallel cultures.
Yeah, and the Clinton Foundation is a charity that helps countries like Haiti.
You can, but you don't deserve it.
Sorry to hear you got Zika, Dengue, and AIDS.
But totally credible *computer scientists* are saying its rigged
Pill as in not sure what's in it or is it from a reliable source?
Sooooo..... anyone care for a whip-round for Button for this Rosberg ramming session?
Profundamente ofendido de que no hayas puesto una
This is why Trump won
Like prostate cancer you mean?
see you joke around, but I am a vet and a SH hornet owner, my favorite manufacturer is Anvil Aerospace... I still like to believe im a special snowflake though.
you end up there after tests are positive anyway ;-)
well they are kinda important
Why is it strange to be an optimist?
Not counting Vista as a version of Windows?
In 19 packs, I got golden Krul the Unshackled in the 18th so made a RenoDemolock.
Sure you can you just make D: this face and slide the taco in sideways.
Those dirty EU professional players, how dare they argue with NA professional players
+1 for under the skin, that film was dope
With quotes like this from the article: "Greasy, grovelling politicians like him who are in the sway of Tel Aviv" One can be assured it is unbiased and factual.
A **BOLD** prediction, my friend
Give this man a Pulitzer price right now.
That's pretty much humanity at the moment lol.
No, lets wait until they are absolutely perfect.
"When researchers merely prompted study volunteers to consider themselves low-class" Soooooo people are prejudice?
whats good steal?
I have an evo 850 (or maybe 840...) and speeds are not noticeably different than this.
^
This is a good sign that we might not have to buy dlc for these achievements
America has been the turning point for every war in history who do you think put Cesar in his place?
Yeah man fuckin mellenials bosses never have unrealistic deadlines...
Eventually automation is cheaper than H1-B's too.
They should have pools of alligators, too.
Hey :8(
I'd go Ryan, much higher upside.
Abalama
Lucky for us we have government to decide that for us.
Here are a couple of mine off the top of my head: Modest Mouse - "Parting of the Sensory" off of "We Were Dead Before The Ship Even Sank" Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers - "Fault Lines" off of "Hypnotic Eye" Green Day - "Panic Song" off of "Insomniac" Pink Floyd - "Childhood's End" off of "Obscured by Clouds"
Into
Better form than me TBH
Also Blade Runner (piano), Aliens (Ripley), and I think that is Judge Dredd in the bottom right.
I would say she must be an engineer, but it really didn't take one to predict that outcome.
About 5 times more empty homes than homeless people, actually.
Last week's brawl was: play expensive ladder games
Unregulated charter schools ftw.
That does it, I am convinced.
The Kyle Gass band has a handful of songs with excellent recorder solos, but it's a comedy band so childlike an amateurish is probably what they were going for.
naw sorry
Has my soundcard died or was Duncans audio terrible this episode?
He goes by his gut, and his gut is never wrong.
Yeah he sure told me.
I think you forgot the
Only if you be my spotter for learning how to fold shirts.
Yah the jags offense hasnt been looking too nice, also if Everson Griffen or Jerry Hughes are available they are also good
Ted looks a lot like my bun Teddy, but with lop ears!
get a life dude
But there i can just say sorry and walk out without paying even tho right?
me 404 thanks
Considering Clinton is a proponent of net neutrality and AOL makes a great deal of its money based on the websites it acquired in its heyday this really shouldn't surprise anyone.
Yeah, I saw a few 999s, probably not worth getting some of those limit breaks.
wait but our hype trains always lead to their destinations!
Yes, you're not the problem, every one else is.
Johan Cruijff
melania medeleanu
if let (Some(foo), Some(bar)) = (baz, quux) {
And F1 wheels.
Probably had all their guns taken away.
Sign Russel Trade Simmons Waive Booker
TRIGGERED
water gun
I'M THE KING OF THE RUMBA BEAT
* Special demonstration by AC on how to frenetically shake any type of furniture to uncover hidden evidence while everything on top stays in place
Only thing Ahri needs is more skins
Ahaha has that many nat5s, doesnt post times anahah
I agree, I've always had an easy time with math because I've done the common core way (this was like 20 years ago tho so way before common core), once you understand it it is far superior.
Source?
Hey flair buddy
Other Patriots fans that display human-like qualities, but ultimately lack a soul.
He knows more than those giving the briefings, so why bother.
I'm not sure if a rocket powered robot fucking a human is going to have a clean aftermath but the orgasm will be fantastic I'm sure.
Yeah but you can't until I give consent.
But locking them up for life and feeding them garbage and having them spend every single day for the rest of their lives being bored in a small cell, is by far a worse punishment than executing them painlessly.
Artanis buff we all needed
lmao those imgur comments are salty af Good work bro
I have the same wrapping paper
I am deeply offended.
Parliament Grakledelic?
You are: * joking * high * always fly first class * a masochist
It was the only way to contain **Elite Preseason Sniper Matt Hunwick**
So that gives you more time to write about hockey?
Tsk...tsk... Police power excesses, just what we need.
As I've mentioned in another thread a better slogan and cheap change as well would be **It's more fucked in the Philippines**
Nice work!
Its important to note that he like the first half of lords of the sith.
Isn't he out already?
haha h a definitely wont be using that one later!
9/10 not enough Roxxxy Andrews
Thanks, I didn't know that
yeah remember how Voat surged during Ellen Pao's term
Burton's alice in wonderland
I feel like it really took off recently.
Don't you peasants dare criticise dear leader.
If I were to guess, its probably Mexican/Mexican American Spanish.
YAY, producing 5 billion rf/tick and 47638263825484528101839273548393664826353748462926364826382538364836482629263926342456474959584623425265423425262738389 RF stored and that's super fun!
megyn is plastic tho
Except Feb 29th... the black sheep of the calendar
Yeah that was hilarious.
Well, with any luck, the new president will forbid the news sources from covering anything that he does not want covered.
Yes, definitely working like a game that was published one year ago.
fate stay night is overrated
Wait but coal is only uzed for burning tho..
Oh yeah, cause that would be the dealbreaker right there
Samsung has disabled that option.
decidueye+false swipe = 1hp, no recoil
They need more wide receivers, that will change everything!
Make it two!
Sweden actually has regional weather as well, Stockholm area has their own, mid-Sweden has one, northern etc.
Bulut has just posted this on instagram, good to see he thinks it's as funny as we do
isn't clearlove the best jg in the world ?
If you take your healing crystals and place them on a stump in the moonlight, walk around it three times chanting, I love Jake Stain, she will magically and mystically still lose the election.
Ne, das ist die Aufgabe der Algorithmen von Google&amp;Facebook, der Putin-Bots, Breitbarts und Compacts da draussen, und dort bereits in bester Hand..
OMG fat shaming the dog!
Not sure about that..
You lying fuck.
I wish they had an allow location access "while using the app" option instead of always like the other navigation apps
he.. um.. he's clearly just holding powerslide *scoff*
Which was like one or two wins more then what they achieved last season if I am remembering correctly; Shows how good Bayern was last season to still win by ten points.
No, this is an original idea
Should have a timer added to see which algorithm is most effective
Congrats, i just got my first one too after 6-7 attempts.
our moderators need to "engage the enemy more closely"
Hillary can see victory from her house.
Creatine is steroid, stop before you hurt yourself please.
If we answer it here, we can make it Googleable!
Which would kinda make joining in middle of the match even less favourable than now, especially if it's a losing team where half the players quit.
people downvoting this lol its
Obviously his wife is a rich audio tech and they share a Reddit account
Well they are in Asia...
To remind me again why I don't have children, to simulate some previous upstairs neighbors I'd rather forget, and maybe for a brief moment remember the awesome deafening times I had being front row at a slasher metal concert.
That's a pretty accurate depiction of what it's like to be a Thunder fan right now, mate.
I just thinks its funny that the end of both Artistans *and* Manufacturing is heralded as anything other then the beginning of some kind of heuristic despotism gripping the entire world permanently.
Nah, I don't really care about karma unless a subreddit i like has one of those 'karma must be xxxxx to comment' rules or something.
4
10-Oct
Shit they should nerf BF3 vehicles too, they all have that.
Yeah fuck all the people who get maimed or killed in traffic accidents I want to turn a wheel and depress a pedal myself dammit!
Yeah, we really have no right to complain
'cause my wife won't let me.
Considering Gul'dan has illidan s body atop the Nightwell, which is across the channel from the Tomb of Sargeras, I think it is very possible Gul'dan took Illidans body to the Tomb and then participated in the Broken Shore event
Really love the new 15% reduction for Gigas, they absolutely should have been nerfed yet again.
:D
Choon m8
I feel like you might have dropped this:
S
Drop Brady for Fitz?
barf
Totally not something a pedo-cannibal would do.
I'm not here for questions or learning, here for the bare minimum.
This doesn't need to be NSFW.
Ain't nobody here but us chickens.
But no they deserve brutal justice for their horrible crimes
Just give us one affordable jhin skin PLEASE
Dissociative identity disorder obvs
The one where it delves into Crunchyroll's scam practice
Man I LOVE our position as top stepping stone in CFB.
Update that to include Barkley after Sunday.
Great blocking
So much better than a server browser!
Wow I guess the stories are true, .22lr can indeed kill 22 elephant's, why else would a poacher use a 22.
That boy you are crazy about is a complete idiot and going nowhere in life.
I hate to say it seems like it'll be the same one :/
Aww, are you feeling... oppressed?
yeah smoking the seeds will kill you
"Welp, so much for bag-els."
Remember kids, there are no girls in Battlefield 1 because it would break the immersion...
Thank you!
what time is the stream tomorrow?
I will be the first to admit that I don't know the memeing.
Jenkin my Hankin
I turned that shit off
You need a hobby bro.
Don't worry, you can always take up arms and throw off that oppressive government.
You earned yourself a downvote.
Jordan Berry fake punt?
Gates vs Cleveland D and going for some records
Not even your bathroom sink(s)?
Well the emperor is supposed to be one of the most powerful force users :P
I liked Times Square.
Trust me they would hotfix this shit faster than they balance Samuro.
Because 930 is a bigger number than 560
Hey, the last girls I paused a game for I ended up dating so it must be worth something
... Yeah... It's been in the gaming scene for a long time.
Of course it was against the Bills!
What an optimistic attitude towards something we haven't even seen in action yet.
Its different when Dems do it though
rude
Cultural appropriation.
they won't stop until you reinstall Allo on all devices.
It's ridiculous that they kept such an effective psychological deterrent secret.
I thought that was just a speedball rush?
here you dropped this:
But kung fu will help you to defend yourself
It's because you can't be a patriot without hating Polish people
Because only white people lived in those countries prior to the US becoming a thing.
make sure your sign reads " We welcome fat chicks with feelings" and "Love Tumblr"
Used paypal and ordered like 10 min after this was posted
i predict it's a rogue weapon that would have been broken OP if blade flurry wasn't nerf
#HORRIK, UNLEASH THE CANNONS
If FSA withdraws, it will mean that Europe is racist because they didnt do enough to protect FSA
To be honest, Wehrlain won DTM last year pretty convincingly.
Orrr Try ewww Yeah, ewww is definitely better
They weren't ahead, but they were certainly doing a damn sight better before the coup.
Look at those double digits, looks good on you
What could a spell speed 2 Heavy Storm on legs possibly do against Pendulums?
Gg report Jungle helping Yasuo ult adc
And it's WeD-nes-day, not Wens-day.
Yeah I'm sure no one else is bothered by this
Well I want to at least be partially positive ^pls ^TyGod ^pull ^through
clear enough to speculate, vague enough to frustrate.. GG Capcom indeed..
0/10 not enough booty
I am saying that your squad should work and would work if you actually put it in the sbc section instead of having it as a squad.
Ibrahimovic?
Yes, but Europe is definitely socialist, right?
The real LPT is always in the comments
Fuck 2016 ^
I love this reply so much &lt;3 Nice one infam0uscs
See 1988 Daytona 500.
First the snakes, then snake-eating gorillas and when wintertime finally rolls around, the gorillas simply freeze to death
Watch out for the Gay Mexican Muslims, they'll do all three at once.
\#WrongGenerationProblems
sexist
What an utterly pointless post.
Probably gunshots
Well duh, unless the reporter follows him to br
Lol.. how do I know this crap and I am not even american?
No wonder why you make propaganda for your cousins the electric toothbrushes if you're a fan!
There are a lot of bad or mediocre rares, a vanilla 2/3 is often welcome.
Sounds like your everyday protest here in the US nowadays.
Im sure it must be a shock to republicans to find out their candidate is pro oil!
crap, im sorry, was I supposed to cuss you out ?
But then I can't complain about iOS!
Sup bashful?
I believe everyone has a right to an opinion...but in what ways is Gates better than Gonzo?
Um, where is Nibiru?
Killer Queen's third bomb, DRINK ZA PEPSI
*Hardly FTFY
Nothing comes to mind that doesn't end in felony arrest
Another liberal hoax, right up there with wealth disparity and so-called "repression" of women and minorities.
Just another reason Empoleon is my favorite
Follow my wife Follow I Follow my wife and I Follow my wife and ***ME***
and scion nodes
That's all it takes!
I cant believe Steen beat Claudio lat week on Raw.
Yours, once I'm done with it.
Spoiler alert: 86% European.
i expect triggered liberals... also no bulletproof hair or fire eyes 0/10
Yessir
sold out, but you can do same at b&amp;H photo
And placing a bet?
Because PC Master Race!
That's strange, I've been told semi automatics have no place in defense.
You look like you would be the first person to get killed in a school shooting (which is a good thing)
That low-key decoration is amazing
Don't waste your breath, this subreddit is a shitpit of ignorance.
ah yes a mentally disturbed person posted crazy shit before he killed himself - definitely evidence of a police conspiracy to kill a somewhat-critical blogger
do we play them in basketball?
It takes way more info to register to vote than just your name.
Yeah, I'm actually not too worried about the recounts, but something is fishy, and I don't think we should take it too lightly.
I see you turned your wall hacks off before posting
Here buddy you dropped your
I agree with you in the sense of two things: I need the return of ribbons
Very willing
Now I'm laughing picturing gruuu from despicable me saying "no one ever suspects Moldova".
You have to launch the legacy client instead of the beta client.
"Goddamnit I wanted a gold!"
You're choosing plays by play type
Cam is a great running back
thank you!
Why
Short bow is built typically into bridge items, Light Blade can be built into Qins or Executioner which are not bridge items
Whenever he says something I disagree with he's just kidding.
...and so you just conclude that mass is cancer, because you just finished medical school
He meant plugging it in another outlet.
If that's bad, I wonder what your reaction would be to the fact that my motherboard is from a dell prebuilt and is green.
They make these things called consoles you might be interested in if that's your preference!
Not really
yep, but i don't recommend it coz installing CuDA and everything is actually really complicated and not really worth the speedup it gives in upscaling anime pictures :P
but any hacker is obviously a teenager and would only know modern languages
"Rioter"
Yes
I see what you did there
Or give them a new label I propose "Goat fuckers"
Sorry, you just seem awfully defensive about the term.
Roughly 1/3rd of all tv is commercials.
it's obviously the logitech sponsorship
obviously o u t p l a y e d
He only died because he didn't want to see Trump become president
Well sure... the middle of a restaurant is a wholly inappropriate place for a baby to eat.
If they truly understood this they would not want coupons
It looks weird because of the fog in that room, normally it looks better
Naw, he has been buying and crashing Moostangs his entire life
eh.. wha?
Its Sugino Messenger
C'mon man hanzos can only kill you by getting lucky not actual aiming skills or anything
There's totally never any lust involved.
Would love to be part of this.
Truly sorry for your loss.
I'd comment but I'm too busy cutting up another few dozen lemons to make lemon water.
This guy fucks
fl-
Like Xbox achievements or something?
"Kids"
yeah doing the same exact shit weve been doing for years now with nothing but a few new abilities sounds GREAT
Careful Fr(i)e(n)d. I'm the prick with your phone number.
Username indicates other priorities.
It's almost like the market works because of equalibriums!
Sweet tunes
But...but......PEOPLE NEED TO HEAR ME SPEAK!
Didn't see that coming
I never knew thorin casted games.
Uranium isn't sensitive material, don't be silly.
Congratulations, you hurt poor Ubisofts feelings!
Yeah those dirty lib Californians definitely shouldn't have their vote matter!
Unless that momentum is a wrecking ball aimed at your house.
red team blue team, good cop bad cop..They are 2 sides of the same coin.
Holy shit I didn't recognize that was subreddit sim till i saw this post.
No, 100% on 1080p.
Pfff Ronaldo should have tracked back he never plays for the team
But apparently Shane was "washed up" right after this when he fought Mayweather
I learned the old "up-tuck" maneuver real quick when I was a kid.
still says team pink, let me try logging off real quick
outplayed git gud scrub
Could have cut her in half with his car
# #nofilter
So just all the English speaking countries that haven't been to the moon then?
Sanchez has completed 100% of his passes this season, I don't understand why we're arguing over Prescott and Romo.
Yeah but they wouldn't have to reduce his SS and disability if Obama and liberals didn't ruin the economy and create this disaster we're living in.
Yes, love Pochettino's philosophy, love the constant fouling which is never called.
They're both balanced so it makes sense
No, that's women with bc and black men on the reefer
Haha I know I was just making fun of r/hockey
People are getting so offended, its just a joke people Just^like^NAHots
Ok we'll just start calling it a different name, that'll fix it
What's your budget?
Could definitely see that happening.
No I'm not.
He's not even alt chem dude
why won't supercell cater for f2p players?
But he got an interception today!
Who's the other guy?
if you like doing dark written roleplays with people, psycho dentist gone crazy is a fun one!
Wish I could give you a second upvote for that username.
timely - my favorite Christmas movie!
I'm level 24 and to know im only at 600k xp, and am 1.4 mil away from 30 is a little unsettling
Ehhhhhh.................
Wait we have a third qb?
This drawing feels very similar to the riddles Halliday gave in "Ready Player One."
Is Autoclicker forever or it must be bought every Transcendence/Ascension?
I have to personally recommend the g300s I'm using it currently and I love it.
Cann has been god awful this season
Hardware can degrade aligning with software in such a way that you think it's software.
Titanium white?
I click on the first video with boobs as the thumbnail
I remember playing DOOM over a serial cable with a good friend of mine as kids.
Gee, this doesn't seem easily exploitable
All that economic anxiety, eh?
"based on demographics" ... seems accurate
Jackson?
Nice way to hide the aimbot.
Before or after rage injecting
Time to upgrade to a 1080 then
Thank you kind sir or madame.
Just don't hit into them.
Cutting off part of male babie's genitalia without religious or health reason, but I think this is more of an American thing.
It only matters that your last hit is magic, so don't hit him with anything else.
not insane, we just want the dank memes
He needs to have the carving knife
Soooo, Saban leaving for the NFL soon, based on your logic...
Dolphin emulator on pc, you can play melee on it and play Netplay.
No, it was his *choice*
Did you get this from that off white guy thread?
(((news)))
These little indie studios and their shameless VR cash grab games...
Pick that one up, but none of the other ones
Same thing happened to me like 30 minutes ago, lovely.
Amateur, i have 3 sisters and 5 brothers and have been alone for as long as i can remember
And apparently they're using a new plastic formula to "cut down on excessive stretching over time" with their iPhone 7 cases.
I'm interested in what Peter Dutton thinks about this - he'll know what to do.
Yes - the assumption that he is guilty because he criticised the government is far more balanced.
GF mode: What if I am 700 years old and my hair is starting to grey?
Needs a
That mech you people chose in MPBT:3025 over the Javelin.
Pretty sure that's Vws.Clever
ohhhhh
hillarious reasoning, if i will be friend with Putin and obtain russian citizen ship, does this make me Russian?
yeah weird psychological mindfuck i see in comments on r/mma, everytime i see a "unpopular opinion" i just assume that the commentator is doing psychology in college, and does not have an unpopular opinion.
You misspelled the forces of humanity
suuuuuuuuuuure
Maassa maan tavalla.
But the autobahn is great, so it's no wonder why people mourned his death
And you are just trying to be rewarded with internet points for saying the thing that makes you look good in relation to a contentious comment.
Are you high?
Yes, I think so.
You have birdpox now.
I thought Nintendo didn't have any good games anymore?
I didnt see Chief Hopper anywhere!
DID SOMEONE SAY MELEE.
acne or apc
But but Khabib got rocked by MJ!
6 Year $35 mil
I mean she didn't try not to [after all she gave the high destructive and confused ultra beats all of alola to "express themselves"]
So clearly the logical response is willful ignorance.
How is that relevant?
ITT: Brave Trump supporters standing up against the evils of 1970s feminism.
because acc sharing with different ip is impossible
Yup, if you ain't burnin shit, you ain't doing shit
Because punks burn stuff
It's so cocky to compare someone with some of the greatest athletes in history...
hey guys welcome to my crib...that's the handicap stall right there and the communal shower..I really like to spread out when I shower ;)
There goes my Redmi Note 3 Pro that I ordered yesterday from eBay.
That's the crewel tee :)
Where is the circle for Kelly Johnson?
Not sure what you're asking.
Forgot the
But freedom.
Then go and get jacked
And as a user isn't that what you should want?
This would would amazing in a lot of decks, considering all the legendary dragons have insane power on their own, not considering that it costs 2 less.
Does product placements for expensive skis perhaps?
Seriously, I said wtf in my head and frowned at my laptop screen.
asians are better than americans at being american
I'm surprised no one was open
How about entering... LANDSLIDE MODE
Nope, no mail for me,too.
Lol right, it was probably the man that repeatedly assaulted a woman in public and got away with it, because that's part of reality
*whoosh*
Who?
While I like the shattering idea, this would also probably be a lot easier to code.
Didn't 360 no scope it though
NO ITZ 24 lurn ur stoof m8
Is this true?
That was action movie heroism right there.
Upoveted for upvoted for edit.
So you're saying he didn't work at the patient office?
you dropped this
"Deyra"
People who act out of fear, ignorance, and selfishness.
Headship typically = mediocre**
Yeah his Madden ratings show low AWR
Because they know even looking at him funny draws a roughing the passer flag
Eh, he's so average.
melee
Remember I want to be a writer and not get distracted by "easier" career paths.
Do what I do, go into work a little everyday that way it's really not like a vacation.
Yeah Harbaugh can't even beat Ohio State what a scrub
Couldn't have happened to a nicer guy.
Gilga' is OP AF.
How can we be sure this isn't fake news
2017 is going to be a shit storm.
Nuh uh cause like they switched
Yeah but she's a cute girl so it's fine
but .... CBC's This is That?
Great point!
That is r/oddlysatisfying
Psh... Let me guess, you also believe the earth is round...
Gotcha, thanks for proving me wrong internet stranger
Hope this is
Fucking hackers man
ubi pls nerf subs
i really hope you realized it was
Money isn't the issue it's just that I want to play it around the house and on road trips and stuff I guess.
That'll be as enforceable as the AW audits that supposedly-do-but-don't happen, but practicality definitely isn't the name of the game here.
Yeah like with the 2007 MBP, or the 2011 MBP...
Not if you replace it with a big thick wire.
"Tell me 'bout the rabbits, George"
Thank you :)
And...thanks Dubya
Which obviously means that i am right
I don't know what you guys are talking about...
I mean if she was still a "virgin," this is no small accomplishment if he popped it too
Because polyamory ALWAYS equals BDSM.
God's work, son.jpg
Thanks!
Will do!
DO NOT PIGGYBACK PAY THE MONEY AND GET A BETTER ECU
It's for Harambe.
Lol, dude has been a Rams fan for less than a year.
Combat Log is not broken it seems to work very well
26, but all of them will be filler because someone spotted a human in them or Lapis and Peridot take center stage.
Labels are important!
Dark Knight trilogy and matrix trilogy with animatrix
For the daily AP reward.
Immortaller, youre welcome
He had also had quite a few strokes so wasn't quite at full capacity at the time.
Eevees evolve, that's it.
She's smoking the edibles dude
Because Donald Trump is literally Hitler.
Hey he was accused and being sued then for some reason the person pulled out that law suit... Its obvious that trump threatened her with the secret police!
Using an ip-check for this type of limitation is not really good solution and I doubt ccp does it
Yes, I think the general idea is a [10] being as high as *you* can be, since every person is different.
This mod is so good even though it can kill almost every PC.
Blizzard confirmed homophobics.
antum gk pake sempak
Lol.
Plz dont use bombs this time
This is definitely a concern, but on the bright side, you might actually hear F1 sound again!
Pretty sure he used a cheat code, the ~~mods~~ mobs are looking into it.
She seems nice.
This is sophisticated view on muslims that western leaders have is sure working great.
Actually, they'll do it because the people who finance their campaigns profit, and if they don't toe the fossil fuel line they can kiss their careers goodbye.
Peons* Let's be honest, we've graduated from peasants at this point in the game...
*incompetate
Probably would be better to just leave the baby on the shore.
Click the link.
I left a pro-Breitbart message in the comment section :-) Match me!
Zig a zig ha
I now do not know how to spell ~~pragnat~~ ~~pergant~~ ~~pregante~~ little human inside of big human
He is really self aware
Yeah but what about the emails?
I think we can all agree, Hipsters are the scourge we need to be wiping off the face of this Earth!
Profile in courage.
Ah....a nice contribution to any thread!
Reverse's brother
Keep in mind a large amount of people voting are younger than AOE II
Maybe they caused Jeanne to think that she'd be best off attacking the fae tricking her instead of the woman holding the sword right in front of her.
I can't wait in 50 years when someone posts pictures of DEA agents standing besides piles of confiscated marijuana and our grand kids laugh at how stupid and ignorant they were.
So, does that mean that loud case fans can actually reduce the life of a hard drive?
Wrong post methinks?
You work in a day care, right?
Just pay to have the adds removed
Can I come?
Southern Baptist, duh!
In UFC fighters dont bang in a month before a fight, he should listen to that and not bang before the split
No, he's in the Senate
A stick of gum probably.
But it's alright when we do because our intentions are pure and we're the good guys by definition.
In 2 and a bit month's everyone will be asking if breaches come to the core game, but they've been here the whole time!
Time to ban cars and knife and have a full background check and a secret no-car/knife blacklist.
Freedom and democracy
I fire myself for being on reddit all day.
This is perfectly timed and won't at all blow up in the new yorkers face with all the anti "fake news" rhetoric going on.
IV fluids and treatment of the underlying infection.
Yeah people forget about the Crusades.
You should be ashamed of your internalized misogny
\#masc4mascara
for PVE content, strive for 55% accuracy, its the safest bet for any scenario you will run.
Dude, that's a piece of crap, you should just give it to me for free!
I for one believe Trump and want to recount every single vote so that he can take credit for the popular vote and be vindicated in his claim.
Bigger than that is that they kept Pelosi, like seriously?
You still seem to be stuck on the idea that your choice alters the prediction, which I don't agree with.
Doing content is a luxury.
Naw man, they just need retraining.
Not sure, haven't tried
Exactly haha
So he's saying he'd like 48 minute reports
Wait...did we just assume a gender?
She must think very highly of the students.
Needs a "de" removed and it will flow accordingly to my OCD.
nah man, he just knew.
[All watched over by her husband, who she went mad trying to find.]
Dude it's over he's a citizen and was born here
Stat padder
LOL, don't worry, the balance change fixed that rounding error.. you should be good now
Another Barbs card... g-g-reat....
ITS OK WE HAVE GLOVE NOW CALM DOWN.
12
And slasher
This person has hurt my religious sentiments!
It's bish bash bosh you filthy normie
This is probably going to be the case for a lot of people.
TSM and C9 both lost to Samsung White/Blue respectively, so you might be thinking further back?
I dunno, that username sounds like something Rupert Murdoch would choose...
He streamed a game when he was versing Phreak as Draven vs Caitlyn a couple weeks ago I think.
We just have to keep focused on the problem by crafting more clever construction regulations and everything will work out great.
Hercules and Zhong Kui support
As far as i lnow you cant jump from 1 to 3 u need rank 2 first, this goes for anything.
Since they're so tight on space Jason can save them some more room by not going either.
Yes it is!
Black camera on top, is it really Max?
Always wondered how the phone would be after the first mortgage payment
9 times out of 10 it was the mods in the discord starting the racist and abusive tirades, so if he wants to improve his community he needs to look a bit closer to home than just making the discord sub only.
"Listen here, you uneducated fool..." Georges St-Pierre
The internet comes to me when I ask for it.
And obviously, factory farming is the only way we could possibly inflict suffering on animals
no youre thinking of freddie gibbs
Makes all kinds of sense right?
I played New Vegas first and had a blast in that and it didn't diminish the fun of playing Fallout 3 about a year after that.
Another bitter anti-Scientologist who can leave the church but can't leave it alone...
Yeah I bet you do dude.
Mean words made him feel "unsafe" he had no choice!
I haven't heard that one before.
Elites dominate the posts... elites of a certain large wealth... Globalists too.. hmm.. how drained is the swamp again?
I don't have to face the DJ/McCoy owner in the first round, but have to face the Evans/Julio owner.
Yeah those chemists are really getting paid the big bucks, they don't care about curing cancer... everyone goes into science for the money
Because when poor homeless people, many of them mentally ill, fill the nation's capital and freeze in tent villages during winter, I for one am happy that our politicians focus on the important things, like whether or not a piece of fabric gets too warm
I could have sworn Stubs himself or his gun were knocked down in that scene.
It's been well established, I think, that women have an in group preference.
TIL Battlefield wasn't a single word.
I'd probably provisionally avoid anything involving sex, genitals, cum, or orgasms, as pretty much every possible permutation will be handled by the perverts and deviants amongst us, or as we call them, 'us'.
Ok.
You can't sin bin the darkness
Guess we should also not raise any American flags considering they've been murdering millions of brown people across the world and still are?
please tell me you forgot the
B-b-but all Republicans hate gays &amp; women didn't you get the memo?
Hold "E" To Eat
Maybe I wont blow this thing up....
oh goodness!
Perhaps he thinks there should be a "safe space" for all the "libtards" who think that free speech is only acceptable if you agree with it?
"Chute or scoot"....
I forgot to add the
Why would anyone want to downgrade to a whiteboard from a laptop?
I'm all about those DE Wins!
Yeah, I guess that's why they spent all that time campaigning in LA and NYC and not rural NC and PA...
nah that was Mark Weldon Jennings was the former chief of News, who left earlier in the year.
And nobody has ever disobeyed their coach before
you forgot your
At the very last minute and with as little preparation as possible
Nobody beats us in the in a League match Penalty Shoot Out
No family is very Republican, but my distrust of Hillary lasted past voting Democrat
Yes, because what's basically a form of state fasting is totally the same as thinking abortion is murder.
That would have been helpful.
springlock candy
I don't know how I'm going to survive at the game tonight.
Oh the one who tries to pretend he is the Kazakh one, so he sends his image to all tournament organizers as adren.jpg?
I decided to use both ;)
Because certainly nothing else besides sugar could have that effect.
This is by far the edgiest post I've ever read.......
You must be a cool person.
just because he's black doesn't mean he's in a gang
the oilers don't have any fast players, so power is the way to go!
I really need to start using
IceFrog should also remove the cooldown 0on Raze while he's at it
Plus he is a "foreigner" taking a job from a hard working American.
You can still send them
I hope it has an ability that releases a drone equipped an acoustic hailing device that stuns enemies
well, boots doesn't help jungling so i don't see any point in getting it
You would be Donald Trump
yea, they're what we call "Prospect I's"
Liver cancer.
Yeah wtf I'm here for the gif and all I see is this
Hope you brought spare batteries XD
That's only because Newgrounds has been around so long that the userbase are all adults now.
It's the only skin from this batch I'm buying :)
An example is all the racist, sexist, and hateful things you just said in your reply.
Thanks Putin!
Just curious, what legal route do you think he should have taken then, if she was willing to act like different people just to ruin his life?
What skyrim needs is bitcoins!
He won't even be under nazi occupation until january 20th anyway.
Oh no It looks slightly bad while driving and gives me 20 fps more oh whatever will I do!
And thus begins your new main account.
If we end up seeing Snoke's lair, throwing in a statue of Darth Binks would be a good touch.
Duh, it's called Nauru.
You missed the obvious
street racing is illegal
ARK
Pyongyang Times has some good insights
Wow, he's a pretty bad Muslim
Making a hero mandatory will definitely make things more interesting
Deck thinning too op tho
No he's part alien
Wake me up when this powerful cabal of Hollywood paedophiles are shown to exist.
No, everyone knows the Indians and black Englishmen played a massive part in the Gallipoli campaign, making up half of the British forces.
Joe Wilson deserves a public apology.
I feel like since they accidentally had the lootboxes show up on the xbox store that it's going to be quite soon, possibly even today.
I would die happy for a Mythic BRD.
If you were immortal how long would _you_ keep doing your job for?
'Member when marriage was between a man and a woman?
This is what happens when you elect Trump.
I'm just at school so this is fine
My dad says the same thing but instead of the dog it's me...
Wow, never heard anyone mention that before here.
That's all well and good, but where exactly outside of Scotland am I supposed to spend it?
haha i'll take that as a "yes, you are interested" would you prefer daily or weekly?
For those that want to scratch that serial killer fetish
Or the rumor about RX490 in December Is just made up.
And gnome priests had.... their own little home in Gnomergon!
ask nick and nate diaz to train him in bjj
Absolutely, can't wait to see how NYRB's and SKC's development teams perform in the top flight
Are they using that ZSU 23 as an anti personnel weapon?
How does this compare to Paste?
(((you know what he means)))
The great thing about capitalism is eventually supply with equal demand and EVERYONE can have one
Fuck, we have to wait until January ?
Stahp
Beautiful bike!
Unpopular, but shaco jg/top
Do I need this to run Skyrim Special Edition?
Joakim Noah confirmed simplistic view if the world.
The jokes on them: he never intended to build the registry in the first place
Take that, SJWs!
Nothing here still.
You're responding to a yes or no question with an exasperated emoji.
It's cause they're off to find some eggs
ah some good ol fashioned toilet paper dingle berries a++
Because no one has ever used that phrase before in any kind of memorable way.
If words piss you off this much, you have a seriously psychological problems
because res never existed
English motherfucker do you understand it
i broke mine last week (droppedit), so thought its time to move on
you forgot the
the side content isn't anywhere near the same, and you don't have to do any of that to progress the main story...unlike DA...which was a huge grind
Yeah, after all they wouldn't default a meme subreddit.
lol either or, Hopefiend if you wanna add me
You mean you don't think the camera should randomly pop to reorient itself to the ground rather than your plane at all times?
If they fixed it they'd lose Korea though.
Not if you're a part of our horrible hate group here on the Donald, then you deserve to be banned for calling spez a cuck apparently.
"They've got to lose eventually"
But Hillary won all of the southern states in the primary!
Racial divisions, always a great strategy
WHEN IT #***FALLLLLLLSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS***
Clearly the case of a man who wanted to get away from his family and start a new life.
The babe with the power!
saved me a thanks!
Why buy 3/4ths a mustang
As well as Nexus: The Jupiter Incident patches.
Hitler didn't kill as many people as Mao Zedong, therefore Hitler was not a big deal, he was average in terms of genocide, and above average in terms of raising the standards of roads
Further proof that democrats can't do anything right
But pre Super Bowl doesn't count
I'm sure all scenarios are equally likely.
Nor sure if
Actually useful information, fuck off
There is more than one in this picture.
Japanland!
"school of life.." or "school or hard knocks" are for dummies who couldn't make it in real school.
Yet, here we are.
Possibly useful [wish I could do it]
Which may be about the i7 with *wildguess* 5% lower single core performance for half the price
Are you sure you just weren't on ambien?
4 months for a new skin tho :/
Not sure i'm on reddit or ratit
The most vocal supporters of almost any cause or belief are always the worst representatives of it.
This incompetently trolling sociopath didn't learn the human decency move, let it be :)
Thousdans Unidan's back!
Good, now we need another geographical profile of this unsub
Lexus LFA, Lexus IS-F, Lexus RC-F and Lexus GS-F
oh yeah cuz that team got a lot done..
Unplug it and plug it back in.
Good ol' 1621
Maybe if CLG didn't force him to stream he would have hit the last shot
Also add lack of quality depth to this.
Yes, it's never her fault.
You can't be racist or do hate crimes against whites because they're in power.
I believe it was real-time strategy; maybe it was turn based?
Any archive yet?
And mobile cancer tablets.
Ahh..proof of an intelligent designer
If it doesn't get released, I'm pretty sure someone will find a way and leak it.
Yeah, I agree, we must contact them!
"I don't care what we have for dinner."
Cat would destroy her mid-Eddie-tribute.
He's doing this for the potential POTM Son SBC so the bench won't affect the rating.
They weren't backwater crapholes before, but we're working hard to make that vision a reality!
No gun needed, doesn't McDonald's have all day breakfast items now?
OMG DeGrom is going to retire
Duh, I'm not an idiot
It's no news that Russia ignores other countries' merits due to political attitude, the USA due to cultural attitude.
Yep
Do you play support with smite though?
Yea but you would be high.
If you also have plane tickets from Denver.
Air is invisible, and you know **that** exists!
never said I am good :)
After the eshop is shut down you can always get into homebrew.
because women are just begging to be able to drive in KSA
No Stairway?
Pulling a presidential power move: FaF
I'm wondering if that other guy's a fan of Sun and Moon, or S &amp; M.
Rip at least you got a holoflag
Obviously Logan's sister tried to clone the two of them after the incident and failed miserably because of shrink rays.
About as accurate as Fox New's reports on DPRK.
Exactly, half the characters brought nothing to the movie in any way
When I make chili I like to pour it over white rice
So it won't utilize anything more than 1 amp chargers asides from dash charge?
Yeah, really looking forward to dealing with that once I get my season ticket next year
Sounds about right for me as well...
God sent the call to show you the call did not come from God.
You bas-tard
I heard he's pretty good at dishing out punishment
Here, you forgot this:
Is the guy pumping gas not wearing shoes?
This seems like a great step in the right direction!
well, we haven't beating anyone yet.. so there's that
Boy I bet you're a real joy at hackathons
And a sizable GPU upgrade.
Be nice, high school is hard.
might wanna use your own spoiler there
your comment is so confusing it leads me to believe that english is not your primary language.
Most likely, post had @everyone or @all tag in it, but was edited after that
MN shout out, I'll be fishing up at Red Lake this weekend.
If you wanted (and haven't already), you could farm your steam cards and then sell them
That was bad at least on EU, only flame and insults.
Oh no, another SJW on a crusade...
Take my upvote since no one else seems to want to give you theirs
RUN THAT TABLE
No better way to finish a close competitive match than ignoring enemy pilots and titans!
So are you two gonna fuck orrrrr
I'm imagining a Tec-9 with this, but it would sound like a little pop
That Nunu Q change looks neat, but I don't think it'll solve his problems
Westworld starting to look more and more eerie
Gee thanks
That motherboard is toasted now.
They also are not easy on your body.
Yeah, I would be super bummed as I really enjoy them
That's awesome man!
English, please.
Better get rid of history class too due to all the oppression and the racism throughout history
Christ... Stay hydrated!
It was love at first gun point to the head.
You can get overcooked meat in thin bits that would have made a decent steak somewhere else.
op delivered
Everyone on the internet is a male or a male pretending to be a female
Turtonator is just a cheap Torkoal knock off.
Nearly, bars and the like wouldn't be able to sell it, but otherwise, that seems to be the case.
I now have you tagged in RES as "The Kink Accountant."
I thought you had to have a current temple recommend to be a BYU professor.
Used by: Monkey King Tags: Phantom Lancer Git Gud scrub Use the right colour, font size and text next time m8 also git gud
You can add a sarcasm tag...
you're supposed to name a player from your OWN team bozo
I find it hard to believe as well, but I've watched enough restaurant impossible and heard enough stories to believe that they might have been working at some really shitty place that takes advantage of its employees illegally.
Guys let's ban Mein Kampf because it's offensive and totally doesn't have any significant historical lessons to teach us about human nature and the perversion of goodwill.
Calm down Barron
That's heavy, doc.
Here, you dropped this:
Because not voting for Clinton means you prefer Trump obviously
Jesus
5 hours worth of work and then years and hundreds of hours put into the game .... mmm yeah I can see how that's unfair
Exactly:^)
All Hail the great SMA Chandler
Pretending we never made mistakes is a really good way to make sure make them again.
wat
Not sure, I free xp'd past New Mex and Colorado stock hulls and Wyoming/New York weren't special in the first place.
H&amp;M crewneck and distressed denim
Bunch of slack-jawed faggots around here
Don't forget about the top lane lord ZionSpartan!
He got sabotaged by his own party, or did you just refuse to pay attention at all when it happened and the DNC chair was forced to resign?
I'm getting a Jurassic Park sort of vibe from it.
Surprised.
I was joking sorry I shoulda put
Rapin' Bill might be having a bad day this month.
I prefer the .5 over the .38 Mujis as the .38s tended to stop and die out sooner :/
Plus those claws give Khajiit extra grip when climbing on top of ourselves to reach the moon
The reason they don't do this is to prevent vote buying, which was a problem in the past.
Jesus, that's dark.
if you're American, you probably already eat an unbalanced breakfast
No way
Jai Maharashtra.
If they don't match mine perfectly I'd question our compatibility
They should remove %DEF from the game
Trump is letting us say Merry Christmas again!
The team you're on has had a tendency to score less points than the opposing team.
agree!
very enlightening indeed, I now retract my words and belive, no.. accepts that he is a marcos loyalist
The only real reason they removed laser turrets is because they gave up on fixing their sound bugs :^
I wish there were more videos like these
Probably it is a British plot to keep them drunk and keep them from taking over the Empire.
felt so majestic, like we were royalty
"Real Money Transaction," aka buying from botters with your credit card.
You mean you dont know the exact coorinates to the minutes of all the countries in the world?
I am now complete.
Milo is certainly VERY qualified to talk about such things via being an alt-right demagogue.
I love you so much right now.
At what altitude do deer turn into elk?
The will of the mob just be carried out!
I would assume because it is easier to guide someone to do something if you know how to do it yourself.
Cat touched a screen, clearly a front page material!
I do find a zerg woman sexy ;-)
as long as they don't use the hand they wipe their ass with they're good
yea, they've just played too much FTL where boarders teleport on to your ship and have no space suits :P
Those are b-sides
Women amiright!
BLC had grade tournaments and they were ruined by the top players and their smurfs, not letting anyone but themselves win anything.
Just bookmark the sites that it asks you to visit and then if you use a password manager, like you should be, when it forwards you to your provider's site the login info will already be there.
Bet you $5 it's already on AO3.
They don't really care about it since if you don't have log files they think your lying even with legit evidence
Scientific proof that Hearthstone detracts you from shaving and gives you pimples.
it would be hard to get someone to record for you and upload it afterwards,in case you died in the video.
No.
I already wrote that to another reply of my comment, I do not like the term "at least" when I have to talk about others telling them how much the Android Google phone costs here in Germany.
Blackwing
Totally not racist, tho.
One day Evander Kane will remember how to score and he should be a strong top 6 player as well.
I'm not entirely sure, but I think it was in one of Prolly's interviews, in which he stated that after KaSing left the team and Ryu's English got better Ryu took over the shotcalling role.
this is literally a call for orwellian state run media overlords, terrible fucking times for free press and free speech
If lead was bad for you, it wouldn't taste so good.
We've all been there :P I remember the days of when I could barely run Morrowind
Psh ain't nobody got time for that.
Guest starring u/kokujin_hime
As a 29 year-old family man, I would do what his parents should have done when he was younger :^)
Earlier today one some website
Lady did something stupid and didn't pay her bills obviously it's Trumps fault.
I figured they would be expensive but where does it say the actual price?
I don't wanna win
Reminds me of the times when my supervisor approaches me about working overtime.
OMG it is so convoluted!
Not tacky at all.
Yeah I heard croak / jade is a horrible comp, never won any tournaments or any thing.
Damn right it would
Who will pay for it though?
lmao yeah, made my dwarve deck yesterday
if this is XBO and these are the graphics used for wallpapers, then left for sure.
It's an ideal round for moose, elk, buffalo, dinosaurs, and triggered Tumblr feminists.
Don't forget your
Yeah man I gave those blacks a shot and hated them all I just think they are gross and annoying.
RACISM
Sounds like a quality education
SeaTac, next to the seafood restaurant, amiright ?
Aw, come on, CA is very big.
My favorite store
If *only* there was a widely recognized combination of symbols generally accepted into the text based communicating culture as a reference to that...
That would be fun tho
Want to come over sometime?
What's he saying exactly?
Doesn't make it right unfortunately
Remember that one you will not have many of these
Not enough of them to your liking ?
Ban elise ggwp ez
Damn I'm alive.
What did he do?
I can't tell if the deer on the left is watching the falling deer or if it doesn't have a head....
When Embiid can shoot threes they don't need spacing
ROI was released at 2am, though.
Good to know!
who won
One is debatable and the other is just bad music.
Pronounce February
Very brave.
Cris's time to shine baby.
Pink Diamon- err...."Lion" has no time for regular humans.
I would not feel safe playing with the Vive in a room with a fire.
Holy shit what a save
headshooting using strafing is a pretty good technique actually, in most peek fights you dont do that much aiming, you see where the head is posisioned and then you strafe, you have peek advantage, if you go vs a guy that has already set your head height and he starts straffing i believe he will likely kill you since you are trying to correct head height every time
Good luck lol
That is extremely dependant on your spec and ignores the fact that there are some stupid strong pve trinkets that would completely shift the balance of a wpvp fight.
I can think of at least one vacuum in Homestuck so... related?
Girls are strong, get over it
Yoo I'm in the video, I'm famous now boys c u l8er
Remember, socialists are the ones who love violence
Sucks that it has to end, but it's pretty impressive.
You look like the self-harming monk from The Da Vinci Code.
But no he supports gay people yeah
but nvidia inst used by the enthusiasts
you forgot your
Do we have any evidence that Ender can play infield?
Trump will just be cool and classy and say something like "that guy has some colorful language."
Thank you all.
I do, I was just finishing the "MY SIDES...." Part tbh.
We're trying to get him to be a hero, not work him to death.
the technology just isnt there yet
the numbers do not lie 25% of all the worlds prisoners is in the US while the the population is not even close to that procent thereby there is a problem wether it be social, legal or whatever it needs to be fixed
Those are rigged too, *duh*
I'm willing to bet the guy just forgot a
We have a chance, cavs are in a slump
Ya European and Asian service at restaurants is terrible.
Watch as Zenia in JP going to be better than her OE
some great white sharks alive today were born before the Sudan Civil War.
Seconded for sure
Probably because you weren't smoking
Looks like Palin didn't get the VA job.
There's no "i" in denial.
I thought Trump was gay, he sure does love getting his ass fucked by logic and reason.
If you have no luck I might be willing to part with a 12 pack I've been stalling on opening for the last few months.
Pretty sure this comment was
Have you not heard of North Carolina's H2B?
WISP NEEDS HUGE BUFFS
Is this guy bragging about buying beer for high school girls to impress them?
Bruce!
How tf do you even injure yourself at a golf tournament?
Don't worry, it is still beta
Not transformed into the food item, but toasted and buttered.
It actually made me curl my toes unwillingly lol.
Okay, the "Fuck Checkers" definitely got me.
or jimson weed and a sixers game.
hahahaLAUGHahahah
They use (L) to show who is leader.
Yea, who gives a fuck about international relations
But then who would know about women's struggles and the insane oppression they endure?
INTERNALIZED OPPRESSION
So is USC
Something greater aka buying a car price shiny toy for girls who think they're adults
Agreed, because nobody used drugs here in the US because it's illegal!
getting everywhere in my car
For what he paid for the hardware yes he was.
you would be beaten into oblivion.
Everyone has terrible logic I guess cause I think most people would agree that someone who cannot perform consistently on stage is not good
Popcorn and hot sauce
I would
I'm probably a little biased as I live an hour from the border
Source?
Having emotions or having no emotions is not an opinion
Its to avoid to be killed for gear.
I know that the entitled Redditors will complain about this but they do work, example, China.
You really need to work on your banking.
Making sure she gets her free slice!
Keep watching it gets so much better
Like Ann Coulter?
That I shouldn't have fed away basalt :(
Depression has made me learn to laugh and joke about everything lol
And yet, no one can test any of their claims because its all smoke and mirrors.
I didn't think it needed a
Nah, it's just Hoth it's okay.
I was waiting for him to break the warp barrier.
City?
I opened it assuming a picture of a goat, I dunno what to feel now
That attitude is why Trump won.
Thanks!
Frustating gameplay other than that it's not bad story wise
There are too many non-big-drawers, we can have it everyweekend :D?
still looks like shit ^
my origin is launching now but battlelog is dead as well
Ok, see you tomorrow.
Its not like the Philippians President would have anything to gain by a lie about this
How do you know she is from New Zealand?
I bet you got more hallowed keys than rods
I'm not crying, you're crying.
g
I use my oven mots which have a rubbery grip and it works everytime
Yea, like the all of civilians in Aleppo are mass rapists and terrorists.
But we don't need the extra revenue, we can just raise taxes in a recession!
But, there is nothing better than a properly created, and properly stored paper wallet.
Fixed.
How dare they "ripoff" a survival horror game, wow, why can't we go back to the real RE style like 5 and 6?
How can I doubt them like that
Well, 18++;
Can we have buttsex?
It's comforting everything must end, even the universe itself.
Yeah if Fred was a good coach we would have forfeited and taken the night off
You dropped this:
Times Demundo killed embarrassingly by Grunts: Way too fucking many.
Biggest takeaway from that being that Andy Petree has apparently been shot.
We could all buy Oculus Rifts and live in a different world for the next 4 years.
I'm triggered.
Please tell me which one is your dad It's driving me crazy trying to guess
Well what do you expect, the man is a Lienz Cossack.
Did the announcer say that 29 points was a game high for Wiggins?
Ive never heard that one before
Very inviting and warm looking on a chilly December night
Well Sasuke clearly needs some kind of advantage in order to keep up with everyone else
We would get dangerously close to getting tired of winning (but we want to win even more).
whoosh
Be careful, a 49% year can lead to overconfidence.
another person who doesn't know how to take screenshots.
I thought I missed something during the show, like maybe he just went to the bathroom for a bit, but was so high he got lost and turned into a danny devito situation in the McPoyle's camper.
The way he magnetizes to Rein is extremely satisfying
I wasn't thinking of Shakunetsu, and besides Asians are dominant at Badminton hence the suggestion.
i hab one nao
If you've nothing to hide then you've nothing to fear, right?
I'm more excited by potential collabs such as getting certain Final Fantasy weapons in a collab with Brave Exvius or something like that.
You gotta use the sportsball to get a point and win the game, duhhhh.
China?
David Clarke is a white-male sympathizer
It could have went way worse than it did
Not sure if you know this but Lynx Titan is Forsberg888, who's also a hall of famer on Runescape.
That's what I get for dressing like such a slut
How tall are you?
No the game has never been better
I'm enjoying every minute of the liberal meltdown!
...You guys hiring?
Can you do a "save as..." And choose an earlier version?
an image would be great thank you mate
Copyright claim from finebros coming your way
Non-sequitur: If NMS had a more in-depth combat system, and the polish that 343/Bungie lend to their games, I'd never stop playing.
No one has ever described genitalia so gracefully.
NOT ALL MUSLIMS
Immortals has a great chemistry now, i'm afraid felps in fnx position wouldn't work, felps would be a great replacement for fer not fnx.
You're missing a
I'm 2-3, in 9th, with 697 points on the season..
If you followed him for the entire of his career, you should know Pep because he played for both of them.
The most impressive thing about this last is that, out of the 800+ movies I've watched in my life, I've never seen any of these.
I'm seeing poopy Hill
I did a baretta verde frigate spectra basalt, and the boss never moved a turn
Oh wow I wonder why?
roadhog is balanced
You forgot First Contact
Getting Arcann as a Companion does not mean you become the [Emperor of Zakuul.]
The part where "muh Merica!"
This could be interesting...
And classless u/HaxRyter.
Lol.
"You're going to have to pay more for that"
No
Obvious answer is that OP should get a Deagle 357!
Apologies for not including the
That only applies for the visible light spectrum, pigments are different dumb dumb!
Round 1: Chad Kelly, Deshaun Watson Day 2: Mitch Trubisky, Mason Rudolph, Davis Webb Day 3: Patrick Mahomes, CJ Beathard, Baker Mayfield, UDFA: Tyler Stewart, Luke Falk Assuming BA is going to continue targeting passers with good pocket instincts and a big arm.
LOL, you forgot the
Yeah, because back in my day, teenage girls had great taste in movies.
Yeah, because atheists are discriminated against in America more than black people.
I'm glad that comment was downvoted.
If you don't mind sharing what vascular stuff changes?
Look how his merely endorsing her was received...joining her on the ticket would have been seen definitely as a sell out.
good try good effort ravens.
bionicle
They briefly showed the vectoring would add some forward thrust to jump jets, lift speed should be self explanatory, vent calibration might indicate in flight control or more momentum in flight.
Clearly bots
Pepper pepper pepper
Could there be another reason why that's happening?
So childish
Just a bit though
Well all blacks live in the inner city soooo....
This "first level of Lego Star Wars: The Original Trilogy" category of memes is pretty interesting and niche.
He just couldn't catch a break all season long :(
*waits for Michelle to ban me*
He contributed to child poverty and inequality!
Dat rock star economy.
Alison Tyler
Worst 11-1 team in NFL history
xZmeister 327 Warlock
Who is going to pay for all the work being done?
The most original comment on reddit
Read comment above
But they're soooo cute it's worth it!
This post is kinda racist.
OP should have taken a picture of his computer screen to make it "his own"
i know, but 83$ is still just crazy dude
I don't know, I think most people can't send a message like that in the first place without cringing, so if she managed that...
Yeah, the NA team that went the furthest at Worlds after only one split and a top laner that is getting better and better at english is shaky
Chup be bhosdk.
Any amount is too much
I think you're confusing this with Ranked.
The only polls that aren't rigged are the ones /pol/ brigaded.
But is stronk, must be male
At least he's getting a steak out of it
But it might be open to others to use as well so it's not a subsidy.
Yes, Aguayo will never get better, please drop him Bucs
More torque in the lug nuts than engine
It's got Gullible written on the back, too
Every time this question comes up the answer is always velocity control
This just in: Singapore's local telecommunications company, Singtel, launches a blimp as a part of their future networks of backup wifi hotspots in the case of future land service breakdowns.
es beautiful
You forgot
In the same time frame the titans are 1-1 in their primetime games
The whole thing; Why a teacher expects two random people who have never met be able to demonstrate some kind of conjoined martial arts demonstration, then for it to result in a literal fist fight.
Like GWB served part-time in the "Texas Air National Guard"
Brikkkading
I dunno about other class, but for Pyro and Medic: **Pyro** Stock Flamethrower| Reserve Shooter (sexy air blast crits)| Powerjack| **Medic** Blutsauger| Stock Medigun/Quick-Fix (situational)| Bonesaw|
lol
You sure showed him.
I'd say the Plinket review would be the most important to me if I was making that film.
What are skeleton keys?
White boy still waiting on his handouts.
no it isn't
He must've seen some bad things to run like this... in the suburbs too?
Maybe you like being choked ;)
Similarly when I'm feeling lazy I go for a run.
See, Trump's already doing right!
Bruh, Kanye's gotta get out of that 50 million debt somehow
Dario Pegoretti often does it like that so it can't be wrong ;)
6/10 It's a cool place and all, but there is almost literally no places to train when it comes to parkour/freerunning
I've been thinking the same exact thing.
But just in case OP should wear a bassinet between her legs.
ok
He better gets Shocking Speed.
Trainer Ded, lul nub
HAHA Good point, I'll have to put the webcam at a really uncomfortable angle next time I hit up some adult sites.
bro, how dare you have any opinion!
just admit you needed an extra keyboard for EMACS
The shadow?
ahh I need to stop reading these discussions they're too good
Only if they're not finding some way to shunt that energy off the shell...
It will be Putin for single handedly rigging our election
theyre probably using integrated processor in their gpu
Thank you!
Well Santa will get us some players then :)
My age: 25 What do people make of this?
"Was absolutely rekt"
If Bayless had gotten the surgery day one how far away would we be from his return?
Guys, I found Chip's account!
You mean live in some shithole that's a shithole because all of its resources are being extracted forcibly and shipped to America so that it can be great again?
I made a mod that included a new type of fireproof belt.
This election is making everybody crazy.
How dare you insult the glorious color buff
its only a revolution if you overthrow monarchs for liberals
""""""""""""""""""""INCREASES TOXICITY"""""""""""""""""""""""""
Naw we just need some new blood in the office that will tell it like it is and stir things up!
Chestnuts ROASTing on an open flame... lol
Hell yeah
Always good to hit the brakes full on when traction is low...
castle drakan needs a tier 95 agility course that depletes ur marks of grace
The Clone Saga
Right... That's the worst part of this situation.....
You must like it loud, eh?
That scream was the funniest shit I've seen all month
Did you follow her with a drone?
Que chingados?
Yep, all the dems saying the vote was rigged in PA, MI, and WI, and Trump is against it because the recount will expose the truth, they dont live in a post truth world, only cons do!
Dammit, Scott.
And are young enough to be embarrassed about this shit.
Eh, their defense of selections is bound to be insufficient to at least some group of fans.
"I was going to start regularly donating blood once I turned 16, but I think painting school projects with it would be much more productive."
HIT MOMENTUM
When people say shit like that I just want to say, "Well maybe if you actually dealt with your problems you wouldn't be so fucking anxious all the time."
Nein, it's everyone else that is underperforming )))
Your first born...
What, like Darth Vader build him?
shh don't give it any ideas...its watching us....listening to us..
But they've only been there 200 times longer!
There's a third option, OP.
Feature intended to give killers an easier time
Michelle Obama is a man, too!
No it would be Islamophobic.
Why does not being a citizen make the murder worse?
with the amount of people going through disneyland, 2.59 per person is a lot of money for maintanance and upkeep of the machine.
On this as well... What sad is that this is a deal.... Even accounting for the price hike...
Ahri, Tristana, Thresh
I'm so glad we don't have any memes because endless videos of stupid assholes getting seriously injured is just *so* much more enjoyable
Really neat!
Oh I'm dumb thanks
prolly woulda done better tbh
gibby's inner racist came out: they all look the same
I thought the safe schools program was a Marxist conspiracy...
Nailed it.
A giant mall and the surrounding town.
Now you're getting it, you slimy piece of shit.
Deep...
Ahhh there were less people to choose from back then.
Welcome to new Edan
yeah but it lit up
oh yea for sure
He just missed a shot
Don't worry, long after they're gone we'll say the same about people still waiting for a builder's update.
Didn't they start using this term back in 2008?
I've thought he was a ILB the entire time lol
Why specifically?
gio for cutch straight up, who says no?
As an artist, a seamstress, and a female this has always driven me nuts.
Amy Dumbowski, opening her mouth again!
Don't defenders attack?
what are your top 5 "bang for the buck"
There should be a thread with lots of 1 credit classes somewhere on this subreddit.
Not if the Gay Fish People who did 9/11 have anything to say about it...!
It's ok when a Republican does it.
cobrastan is not a real country
Buy it before hand since its legal, leave it sealed so you can get thru security, get a locker or use a friend's to keep it in the venue.
The crazy thing is there wasn't even a game thread or post game thread for this game.... smh
Ahh yes but you missed the most important part of the statement "the GUY with the most money wins" and Trump spent more than Johnson so this holds true
Whipped cream
Persia.
Washington outsider Chelsea Clinton!
He's cute though
We'll all float on
Did you get permission from video owner to post this on reddit?
Plus... C'mon... Don't we ALL go a little nuts *accessorizing* the Barbie-for-boys?
colorizebot
a more appropriate word would be *Stone Edge*
Yeah that doesn't sound like a very realistic trade... Hunwick for Hamilton on the other hand..
we should trade him for future picks
Yeah, but was he ever a community organizer?
Can't wait to fuck up my dick
Who's to say?
Because politically active teenagers are like unicorns, and trigger warnings are only used for things people disagree with and not for sensitive topics like rape or violence
Right now stock on those, but I'm doing some research on upgrading it.
Just oneshot Cenarius myth without reading any guide, easy game
It's a fact that I am right and you can't disprove it.
Hamstring
Tits or gtfo!
I'M AWAKE AND I'M STILL INSULTED BY THE EVENT
woah SoJ has too many prank references lol
He just needs some mealworms and he's good to go :)
This, people, is what's called optimism.
I was kidding around xD
Now it's nothing but "donald did this, donald said that, Donalds friend from pre school said this about him!"
darius.. hec.. vi
How else would you know *which* crime is a problem?
I would also recommend the awper to retreat towards T spawn, because if CTs will decide to save in the middle of rotation, they will most likely stay closer to their own spawn.
I've done this before and it's pretty easy to use up all your toons and be stuck with little progress.
You should add to yours TrashKiller.
Yes but we were not told at the time that it was all "fake news"
Well yeah i didn't say when.
Rumor has it that it'll be announced January!
But muh low taxes!
At least once Paris Hilton came in to the garage she put Vettel on the best strategy
Same here, ez fix, just delete some people so it goes back to 99
Have fun!
Yeah, those Americans who refuse to live in tipis and hunt buffalo should get back to their own damn country.
These single parents should have kept her knees together if she didn't want to pay higher taxes.
Huh?
THE WAR ON CHRISTMAS BEGINS!
Yeah didn't you know you have to be 880 to run anything above +2
Working well for the A-League
It will go back up when it splits
But...Its cold right now!
Depends on who you are watching
So, to reiterate, you found what causes the somethings we do?
Fuck yeah!
I think you can overclock to around 2, maybe 3, good luck!
1 upvote = 1 prayer
God damn people have their pitchforks out right now, good luck being reasonable about the situation on here for the next few weeks.
I literally would be so confused without the 5 protests telling me that rasicsm is bad.
inconceivable!
SBDS; sudden beardie death syndrome (something I made up) but sorry for your loss...
woosh
I would think so.
What did Barron do to Newt?
I agree, Juan didn't defend this at all and he's usually the first one too do so.
Doesn't anybody remember Frank Zappa anymore?
Or you can wait like the rest of us and see if it's worth it.
Just wondering if I could talk my way out of it :/ I might give it a shot anyway but I wasn't sure if it was worth it or not.
These comments make me feel like I'm the only one liking them :( Why you heff to be mad, it's only game.
Don't care, he's an adult
If you get a tv tuner card and use big screen or virtual desktop you should be able to do this
That's a good way of looking at it!
DEAD GAME
Create a fake persona and just start doing things as them.
Lobby AGs to open investigations.
Still no automatic iPhone 7 upgrade for my iPhone 6.
sorry i should probably add a
You say that like it's a bad thing.
Typical of them, shit cunts.
If people like Csacsi, Wunder and Soaz are meh then there are like two decent top laners in the entire West.
Spears they seemed to get the job done in the past.
Waiting on the Lookbook then, but I am excite!
...especially with that gorgeous pedestrian-friendly planning in KRP
please fack off.
No way, I love having Steve Sullivan out there for that important faceoff.
Well now it's against Muslim, so it's obvious a hate thing
I'm just glad I'm not the only one that loves Clue
That's just cruel
Your comment and username make me guess you dropped this
write a book about it and get my children to discuss it from ages 5-18
Not my problem
I expected like 1 rep, and then it looked like he was gonna do 12 no problem.
Sing about me, I'm dying of thirst
Thats a nice drawing op, im going to hang it on the fridge
I can't get any sort of multiplayer connection to last more than a minute or so, and that's after multiple failed tries trying to connect to each other.
Denial tastes sweet, doesn't it?
TRIGGERED
Found the next Dasani ad campaign.
Wow you got God of War and Bloodborne suggested, those are NEVER suggested in these threads
u/Edgar, wasn't that one of your games?
dabin is a god
Nobody cares about your opinion.
forgot
Broooo you can't shit on 5.11.
But fake news!
It's easy just turn on your monitor!
are u scott
Hello, you must be new to Reddit.
What do you expect from a LIEberal?
It's still a new tech it *isn't* worth it unless you like being an early adopter.
Maybe he threw a potential challenger under the bus?
Ok but can a woman drive herself?
Why not the magnetic kinds if you don't mind me asking?
I usually just type gibberish to see if it's working
It's like the undead zombie army of political has-beens in this administration.
Is hat some kind of mod, how do I add it?
SG: at least five years of experience in the field to increase the chance of your employment pass to get approved
He said nothing about shirt fronting
No
Patay ako sa piracy
I'm still sad about that buzzer beater that turned out to be a fraction of a second late that cost us the series against the hawks :(
Now that you mention it I think O remember some kind of UFO
How do you think the armed forces recruiters do it?
But They're bad guys, so we should laugh at them like in the movie or tv
Na man its clearly lag
Yeah no reason to be excited about a 5 star recruit
much much better to let the jobs leave.
And I thought I was the only person thinking that
Ohhh gotcha
Oh, so you are in bed with the terrorists
But Micro$oft said that their gamepad is universal
just spam the sheets out of the general chat, be as annyonig as you can and eventually some1 will play with you ( just kidding obviously)
Joel probably just assumed they wanted Ellie for some blood samples, and after that they could just go merrily on their way.
Yeah, I'm sure you're going to get a calm, reasonable answer from him after such a neutrally posed question.
P O S T F A K T I S C H O S T F A K T I S C H P S T F A K T I S C H P O T F A K T I S C H P O S F A K T I S C H P O S T A K T I S C H P O S T F K T I S C H P O S T F A T I S C H P O S T F A K I S C H P O S T F A K T S C H P O S T F A K T I C H P O S T F A K T I S H P O S T F A K T I S C P O S T F A K T I S C H
It's called vandalism and it's a crime.
You better patent that shit before I do!
This is going to rustle some jimmies.
You make a compelling point.
Ok.
Doom is pretty easy to run
Hope you found it
Can you give the metjm pattern index?
Sorry, I was sort of replying to several points, but started my reply to you about it the advice being applicable; I'll edit.
those tracer rounds looks like someones just off camera tossing fireworks lol.
Triggered
Ash's own fault for not using Refresh/Amie enough.
Yes, because you only have money if you have an iPhone...
Interesting, I didn't know this
If only the other woman had a gun with her, she could have defended herself and avoided getting shot in the neck, gosh.
junk to fill the space .. like the junk in rng boxes in mmo's.. they cannot only add good stuff in it.
my pleasure :)
Drugs.
What are you talking about people pvp to get craftings items.
That dude's seen some shit.
Wow..... wait till you find out there's a list of banned UK hate groups and find there's a white supremacy group on it.
Calm down, Lusamine
I forgot to
Considering how Raid are trashtalked by the vast majority of the playerbase, I'm not surprised by the fact they don't know how to CC, suck at DPS and do not wp back, since they can't even dodge blue, run to green, avoid flamewall, walk to fountain, glide and so much more.
Para conseguirlo registrense o entren con su cuenta uplay y le dan a la cajita No 14
lol loser
that's no ion
There's a boot every half hour for the rest of the game, though.
Well, his anti Semitism totally means we should get rid of assembly lines in factories and just produce everything by hand.
That gave me an involuntary shiver down my spine.
But Blinker fluid!
Have you tried paying your electric bill...
I see you've met George Bush.
That butt doe
I mean, that's why there are pictures right?
It's the bigly cup, isn't it?
Yeah I didn't know about this feature but that's an amazing one, I really need to be able to train some harder balls to save after 350+ hours and people are gonna be making extremely crazy stuff
If nothing like a revolution happens they will "rediscover" normal capitalism later and everyone will have shiny eyes looking at the new thing and be glad feudalism was overcomen.
You sure they're not just calling him a sellout?
Or go the route of tf2 and add hats
Haha well that's definitely more creative than mine.
Yeah, but at least our run defense will look really good!
30 points on steven Brundage
Salmon typically have a lifespan of 3 to 8 years.
I'll try again this week :c
Only a disloyal traitor would...
i hope this is a
Well that was as straightforward as I should have expected.
I think he might be a bit too dismissive of jade druid - I think alot of people at the moment are playing it wrong Or maybe its just my experience since sometimes it just outright beats priest
Cuz people certainly won't abuse that.
I don't think it's fair to use dozens of comments made by conspiracy theorists to suggest that conspiracy theorists might like Jews, everyone knows that the conspiracy movement is about the truth not anti-semitism.
Team B
Word good luck
Racist Nazi bigot how dare you!
perfect timing
I heard that kony doesn't approve of digix either
Pshhh your eyes can't see past 30 or so fps
Sign up as an Sea of Thieves insider.
Sorry man, think you'll be stuck going to community college.
Business partners with benefits
I could stare at this man all day
I made this
Because you had sex while being female, you slut!
8-May
"No, no, it's fine, cause the we *know* the people we are lynching are guilty, so that makes it a good thing"
The person to get rid of all those pesky small business regulations is the woman whose company purposely misclassifies its most expensive (and most vulnerable) workers to avoid paying taxes.
Braum will find you, you will wish you never did this to poor poro!
Yeh because this totally wasn't a popular pub strat...
Well, I totally didn't see that one coming
Probably making a hot dog with a leg piece.
So do this 14 more times?
clearly Boris.
Played 1 game, unplayable for me which sucks.
MMR ASSASSIN (profile picture of Rick from Rick and Morty) Steam This is the second time this has happened after an update.
ProfessorLoki beats them all with 1 hand behind his back
Well see it's a new feature called git gud
Did you not see the red 'Wasted' words?
Those 8 year old kids are renewable, just swap them for new ones as they break.
Straight outta Tumblr.
But how else will the plebs know that I'm super very important
I mean fuck trying to educate them and integrate them, it's not like it will lead to radicalisation or anything
If that's the only reason you're glad, you really need to get your priorities in order.
Nope, I've been monitoring this subreddit for the past week since prerelease and you're the first one to post about the frame rate.
Best looking chocolate cake i've seen in a long time
There's just only so many "billionaire fetishist falls for college virgin" stories you can write before they all start to sound the same...
America is a helluva drug
Oh man you're right let's just keep doing things that way, if it ain't broke ya know
That's too short, give me an hour long teaser, then we'll talk
Have you tried being attractive?
But spawns in this game are fine
Thank you very much!
But dude your anecdote doesn't count because it's not edgy enough!
No, retired Australian boxer Jeff Fenech.
They obviously just need to pull themselves up by their bootstraps.
should've at least added a
LOL Oh, but how will I ever retire without someone to take care of me when I get old?
Came for this exact comment
That's such a small change, probably doesn't even need to make it into the patch notes.
Hey, it works for dogs and cats.
Yes, Show us pictures of your beautiful wife.
iPhone 4k confirmed!
Yeah, no way we can have the same thing posted twice in a year
Perhaps you should stop breaking the law then you wouldn't get sprayed so often.
It pissed me off that the Death Troopers kicked ass until it was time for them to not kick and they all stepped out from behind their cover one at a time to get killed.
Yeah, I had to turn the channel and I mean they just slo-mo'ed that flashing light thinking that people don't have epilepsy or something, smh.
Yeah, because we don't take too kindly to consistency around here.
I know!
Because nim deathmantle is just such a nice fair card...
Ik wil thuis gewoon Riders of Icarus/LoL placements grinden, ipv in een te warme bus een blikje half lauwe redbull drinken.
No, they'll be millionaires because of his tax cuts!
Sounds like Paul is trying to appropriate trans people's experiences
A childish clown can exist.
they are late for their own funeral
I hope they decide to run a full season!
Solar roads!
theyre good
Just get an SNMP/Managment card, I am pretty sure you can do with the PowerChute software
We'd all probably be happier if Idiocracy were really real
200*0 is still 0
what about 5D?
What a good thing that Greece gave up some sovereignty so that they could be forced to register and take the migrants then!
Lucian vs Olaf such easy match up
Yup that's why everyone has one
The gains goblin comes and steals your gains
How progressive of Sweden to allow these people free reign to make everyone feel at home!
Please God, don't let me embarrass myself in front of Denice...
They didn't pull it out of their arse, they pulled it from the 1995 fee guide, which I'm sure we can assume is the same cost we're paying now, thanks to all the competition out there!
Just call it 'i'
If we were paying him about 10M it'd be perfect....
You'll find out in 4 days
That orange yolk, though.
Bless ur soul OP
Yea i find it so annoying when people are trying to bring an apparent child sex trafficking ring to light and try encouraging an intelligent discussion on the evidence, theres more important uses for Reddit like insulting Trump and sharing cats.
Just take the upvote and go.
Because California isn't in a drought, they just need to release less water from their reservoirs.
So what you are saying, is none of the pre-existing non-standard maps don't fit what you want in a non-standard map, yet you advocate for their existence in competitive?
What is Rebels?
BREAKING: OP posts repost from over 2 years ago
It's just a theory
Didn't think I needed the
You ruined it.
I used to when I was broke but i'm fortunate enough now to be in a position where I can take more than good care of myself.
Theres your problem
Neo was above him but that doesn't matter because Allied used to be somewhat relevant and should be catered to and never denied any role he wants regardless of pick order.
Personally, I'd like to see a wrestling ring in Congress, some thrown chairs, and McConnell as the ring master.
fiduciary
So were we...
But there's 2 whole spices of bread !
I blame TheRealKx3D.
Barren's chat member berries are the best!
Come on Honda...
Well as long as the smoke is clear and white, there couldn't possibly be anything toxic in it
Good luck...unless your a EE.
No one said it was from a cutscene either.
Poolseidon :( but other than that it's dark lord SWK and bass drop Janus
Russians are responsible for the fake news.
general admission
There is not nothing wrong with this
She's having my baby.
A golden god of aggressively bad games.
Duplicitous is a cool word
well then you can give me a free 1080!
I don't see any problem
Just can't stand all these no name guests.
wow, I completely forgot about the whole balloon boy sound thing.
Plus she's running a child slavery/porn ring out of a pizza shop's basement in DC!
hmmm.
That you're not a special snowflake.
Be faster.
1.6 Lacks per month ... sab black money vaale hain
It's a reference to the song Human by The Killers if I'm not mistaken.
Unapologetically adaptorial
A comeback is a comeback LOL
Not from Texas, but the line up at Lights All Night in Dallas for New Years Eve really grabbed my attention and made me want to go all the way over there from California.
Men, because we're better than Women at everything by default.
Terrible aim you should unmarry!
Yeah but...if you're cold, they're cold.
i'm going with yes
Um, you aren't supposed to be NICE to your ENEMY during times of WAR, lib-tards.
Isn't there a one week spoiler rule on this sub
Sora is already Xehanort
Noted po
Your Upkeep is before your Draw, by the way.
Haven't played the previous game Tomb Raider but this game seriously looks like it's going to fill the Uncharted-shaped hole in my heart.
The perfect weapon
The guy in the video sounds like fat guy who lives in his mothers basement
Yes, the man with 3 consecutive 1000 yard seasons to start his career while hosting a 4.3 career YPC will be complete and utter shit getting 20+ carries a game behind one of the best lines in the league.
Nah it's just some shitty 2d Minecraft rip-off
Don't they mean 'white fascism' cause you know 'brown fascism' is like totally not a thing...
Hurts my eyes so bad to look at ball far away
Can absolutely relate to this.
But he isn't racist or misogynistic.
No worries I drink diet coke
Moan to victory
Don't argue with idiots; sell them snake oil.
I don't think the MacBook can charge adequately off external batteries, the MacBook will just charge the battery pack.
Racing harnesses don't retract bro!
Yeah big deal, Trump had his own TV show!
the election isn't going to be postponed you don't have to worry
To spread the revolution to the market of course!
You might be right, but the correct response to "I'm not sure if the light is red or green" is not "let's run it and find out".
Edelweiss, edelweiss, bless my homeland forever.
Honestly I don't see a problem if they aren't trespassing or breaking any other laws.
Probably for when they add spawn loadouts in a patch or 2.
Is it evil because God commanded it so, or has God commanded against everything that is evil?
Well I guess the market decides
Something something 13 seconds
As one of "the gays," wat?
I mean, I am sure belittling people's religious practices and bragging about how many languages you speak is a real hit with the ladies
If only he had shown his instability during the race.
Thats obviously the feather of a chicken in honey... Fact check before you post!
The more I hear about this theory the more I like it!
Is this where Gorilla Glass comes from?
yeah, because MM solo Q is way better than ESEA/FaceIt...
trump totally cares about these people!
double post
My math on restaurant receipts
You heartless bastard :&lt;
Just wait til those same people try to demand respect for Melania and can't get it
You know.... you both have valid points and criticisms.
But it was her turn!
Totally not Canadian.
Well, he did fall on him pretty hard...
5/7 FTFY
Wow I've never seen Stormen rage that way, he was out of control.
After years of being unappreciated, Tony Romo would have to be a much bigger person than I to not secretly feel a little pleased that the Cowboys are likely going to fail miserably in the playoffs with coaches like the Hoodie just licking their chops at the idea of game planning for a rookie QB.
Is that a coffee filter?
Doodle, read a library book, flip through old photos, or maybe even think of good posters to cover the wall :)
Can't wait for the snow storm we're getting this weekend.
Mojang didn't ask for your opinion either.
R u?
*yeezy
Oh but I heard people saying we should fire him after this season, this can't be right...
There isn't, you goddamn antisemitic bastard!
This is antisemitic goddammit!
I'm 99% sure he never did any pot, just was super laid back and chill.
Storm and Transgression look good on anything....confirmed.
Re-rolled swift to brutal and now I just melt enemies with headshots
Play Fallout 4 to get a glimpse of the an-cap utopia
Soldier bol diya na.... baat khatam.
You're literally turning into Hitler
so did New Mexico, Colorado, and Nevada
Never seen this one around here.
I wore this yesterday and someone said I smelled like a delicious fall candle!
that makes me feel so much better^@#$%
Oh how I miss being literally slapped in the face for half my health by MotV purple pot Cabrakan every game.
Because their 2012 set was so great?
My middle name is Ivan, so I would say most of them are, hehe
Firefly gorramit!
I believe two of each of something is indeed balance.
5/7 NORMIE
well look at it this way, if testicular torsion is covered by insurance but an orchi isn't then that's a pretty free loophole
wooo ive been reaffirmed by my shitty dollar store cloth tape measure
Nice try Bamco Spy, I'll still save up my stones for SSBKK.
Needs fenders and a touring rack.
That's because communists aren't people
And there totally was a basement at that pizza joint.
That sounds like a low T denier comment.
I wonder how he feels about pizza
70 gallons of fuel in my tank and 20 shots of espresso in my stomach -- so, pretty well and truly fucked.
Always shocking to see a national news article written by someone who appears to have watched Ravens games and knows the team's history
"Why the fuck would you play as Tracer if you have never done it before, switch and get some kills" -Unranked matches
Use incognito mode.
**A E S T H E T I C**
All my drums (save for two snares) are older than I am!
For everyone who voted for republicans - don't WORRY - I'm SURE they will find a way to give you special treatment so you won't lose a penny of that money you already paid into SS
Also Vitalogy, Downward Spiral, superunknown, boingo, rubberneck, purple, live through this, throwing copper, even more...
Press F to pay respect
You don't know he's straight let's not assume his sexual orientation.
Good input, free spirit.
i would rather risk my life than be an ignorant hateful bigot!
Did you just assume his gender?
Can confirm, orb of harmony doesn't turn you into Terramorphous the Invincible.
But autism
Prim.
Check out some sororities then!
God I'm triggered just reading this.
Didn't Marx say that a capitalist stage is necessary in the progression to full communism in order to produce the necessary infrastructure and technology from nothing to support such a society?
Silly you, it's clearly an eggshell.
I've had a snorlax spawn next door and a Chansey spawn one street behind my house but that is awesome.
60
Man I am sooooo shocked.
This man has made me want to watch the prequel movies again, which is something I usually only do during my Star Wars marathon... Impressive.
The obvious answer is to play a Velen OTK deck.
:P Mea culpa :-)
"conspiracy wrestler Alex Jones"
there is a black person married to a white person, so this nullifies any accusations of racism.
This is why the holocaust happened.
smaller facs = other niggahs make their own facs hopefully more competition
Last time people were jumping the gun and posting things wildly without actually knowing what's coming up.
Got the invite, thanks a lot
Manually saving is not working for me.
That sounds like something a snow-shark would say...
It's trying to rob blacks of their reparations.
Because I'm an Ares and I need only aura items
That would just be a fat man running and screaming.
The North is a prison anyway.
Build a wall!
JUST GIVE HIM A CHANCE!
He's so dangerous in the ring you know, he should be sent off tv until he learns to work
Is it just me or are people way too whiny about the pronunciation of players names?
It's easy, you just have to have the looks and charisma of a Hollywood action movie protagonist and the rest will write itself
Plus it's finals time for most students, normally this is disrespectful but this is really bad.
*TRIGGERED*
Twinkle Twinkle Little Star
well , at this price, you cant afford not to buy it.
Got the same mouse myself, goes really well with the white accents on the STRAFE RGB :)
Ancient ROTMG.
deft is crying right now
Othello there :)
Crying when Spike fell of a bridge and apparently died fighting a wolf in Rugrats The Movie.
Sounds good.
...
What is Finland doing there
Left Shark costume.
Pretty much, and to this day what bothered me the most is the font they used.
to show that you're not a pleb
Because it reduces special and primary damage ... I just want airborne solar burn gjally.. );
Can you elaborate on the 'Obama' part of your comment?
Glad to see they're nerfing the Mist Lynx by taking away those structure bonuses.
Well yeah, but who doesn't?
Het gaat erom dat je selectief mensen voortrekt op basis van een prestatie.
This comment courtesy of Bill Simmons...
John Stones to score the winner
Buff goobis Change his ult to "Goobis now hits all gods in the map with his ultimate without missing, His ultimate hits mid air and goes through aegis" Seems like a necessary buff
It's 200 sulfur per rock with pick axe, so it's only 20 rocks.
Well I mean it is a 9mm, if you wanted something that could actually kill, you'd get a .45
nothin since im not god
While we are at it let's also remove the times that I jerked off this year.
Fake account
The stat I read was only for the playoffs, probably different for regular season.
Staff are all at their Christmas party so they shut the network down.
Nah, he's talking about the Gattaca-brand genetic therapy.
Except Breitbart and InfoWars, everything there is true, right?
Social "Science" isn't REAL science, silly!
Maybe one of their asses is broken
I love the post flair right next to the thread title.
They're all taken
Camoflauge paint will.
Sounds like fun!
Don't forget the United Sunni Kingdom and the Caliphate of Sweden!
Ha because the intelligence agencies don't have a grudge against Trump.
You forgot the
REPORTED.
Fire Mages, and Marksman Hunters, take this pestilence of an add-on down while you still do damage!
GOTY 2033 confirmed.
I didn't realize you could summon her with less than 5 stars
Back up now.
That Russkie literally scared the shit out of a brown bear.
You're a fucking liar
No one is 50+ and was a redditer a young age.
BUT THINK ABOUT THE CHILDREN!
I have checked my copy of *The Protocalls* and cannot find "libertarianism" or similar in the index.
Because they're from Afghanistan.
I bet he leaves after this year
Come on man... He could of gone his whole life without that, But oh no you just had to tell now didn't you?
How much scavenging do you have?
She also WOO'd a lot
You can tell the author is lying because she claimed the ACA benefits her.
Because the best place to molest a kiddo is on a packed plane with no chance of escape
Last weeks episode was on YouTube the next day.
Uh... who are you?
Thats real strength: staring a hostile circle jerk in the face, and unzipping.
Friend don't USS Liberty each other either.
My friend works for the government and he says the Russians did it.
Roll a female orc, they are the definition of good posture.
Because French people are white, duh!
Sure mate, I'll PM you.
But why go there when you can just watch it on telly?
Idk, I think one well-crafted infographic with five stats written on it solves the debate once and for all
Yup, ground speed check is one I havent heard.
No
Underrated comment
Thank god.
So you want some poor soul to go through the hassle of shipping internationally so you can save a few dollars?
That dryer had so many dings; Crosby stinks at shooting.
Most underrated comment, but you forgot the
Gold in asia = masters in US
Good thing he wasn't on last gen.
Everything this guy writes is dumb.
I'd like to say I know this and freely admit I'm an asshole.
You mean multicam, right?
oh yes, we have to destroy those filthy hick hackers
Sad part is none of these people will ever be competitive because their snatches will never break 160kg in their life time.
Should have got a 970
Unless zoro has a sharingan
Just a bunch of zig-zags
That's a lot of cheddar worth of parmesan in that bank.
Please stop with these lies.
It is
Would have also been cheaper...
First time I see someone getting 200m in a skill, looks very unsatisfying.
Besides everyone who go there buy stuff in cash, thats atleast half their sales gone
Whistle blowers are cool when it's against corporations.. Whistle blowers are bad when it's against established politicians..
Sleak as hell, huh?
Post Malone, Mac Demarco, and Ethan need to be in one video together
So what's the point of a DCEU if some films aren't even a part of it?
TO THE X-TREME!
very very very very very very very very very
goddamn, I was *at least* expecting them to be metal forks.
But you can't throw good passes in this weather unless you're 6' 5" with a big arm...
Good thing nothing happened!
It worked so well when Philly did that with Murray, though!
nice to see he knows how to button the top button
Because we need an elite o-line and pass rush before we get a QB who can manufacture points.
fair, lets just get him his 100 and get out of here
I have too much respect for my unborn children to bring them into a world where someone like you, your parents, and your offspring have been and will continue to make poor decisions.
I forgot this:
Oh I'll fix it
You could atleast credit the original creators.
Cmon guys there are literally crazy people on this sub but this ones an obvious
Just get a job you like, then you'll never work a day in your life, bro
It's 1080^2, which is plenty for my 1st gen Zune!
See, if we make skin cancwr treatment more expensive, it will cause people to stop exposing themselves to risk factors.
Kevin is not a name, it's a diagnosis.
But technology and progress is objectively better for everyone!
Don't downvote the poor thing, I'm hoping that they forgot to put a
Gee, thanks CIA.
The only history that matters is the one in the Bible!
All of y'all suck equally
While no one was looking, Indonesia seized the opportunity to finally annex Malaysia, Brunei, ans East Timor.
FTC BROTHERS FTC
Lower than the other two?
The Niners QB were awful.
Yeah, that makes about as much sense as FNaFs timeline...
but 3 assists yesterday
We asked, OP ~~was~~ delivered
Planting bounded life Force and then not killing the opponent for a turn is going to be hard.
Derp good point
Cause the other idiot would've been way better
he hits 2 separate units for 200 damage each, not overpowered.
Uniboob
I don't make a huge sum of money but if I knew he was working on another KSTV project, I would pitch in whatever I could afford.
Work family maybe?
Only if you don't count the millions of confirmed illegal votes Clinton got.
I think it's been confirmed to only work once per evolution.
Oh you can't call this out now, anti-semitism is illegal.
But they're job is to **help** us and make our jobs easier!
Yes, because every Christian is an entitled homophobe.
Glad I was able to clear that up for you
I would love skins where they take the beautiful hand crafted historically inspired models and textures and cover them with shitty gauze.
You forgot
You mean the one where his graphs didn't include minimum frame rates and where he didn't include a dx12 benchmark or the new doom Vulcan api... Yeah it was a great review
Should I cherrypick further and say top 20 in the West?
See You Space Cowboy.
Amazing how many people ponder such weighty issues on a sunday evening close to the end of an academic term.
It's more of the fact that they *come* preloaded with bloatware.
If I had actually ate breakfast on the morning of my high school exam I'd be a millionaire now.
Ma bucur ca ne multumim cu atata
At least you got Shaq Fu.
the gun is heavy enough to use as armor and drum magazines invalidate the need for a chest carrier
Because you were a lazy millennial
Oh, but where will we, the users of BGC, find a place to keep up with the content she puts in her videos- or even find about about it before she makes them?
My first teacher in primary school was called Mrs Reed, which I thought was hilarious because that's what she taught us to do
yeah it's coming in 12december of valve time
Yah, cancer will be cured now
Yeah, it's not viable because valve said so!
Zezima, when he was the first to reach total 1980.
Bring your own power generator :D
Minotaurs are about 90% of the reason I bought the Beastmen DLC.
Let me guess, Whites Regular Drain and Spin?
what about those sick 5-6 throws in a row
Ugh to think of how much money you got paid to post this
Rageteamkilling is a good way to start your day
At this point, they're just hoping everyone famous looks kinda like Kate McKinnon because they don't have another cast member worth a damn.
They're being too politically correct!
Back in my day we were jailed for hours and we lost our stuff every day and we liked it!
Buy a knife and rob a pizza guy
The whole "west coast team traveling east" assumption has been proven false.
Now if only he had done that *before* his candidate won
He drained it and found oil!
Yeah, fuck everything else that's happened over the past couple of centuries, having Obama as president is literally the worst thing that's ever happened in American history.
Git gud
#NAME?
*Then she got killed by a random scatterarrow shot*
Honest self-examination is indeed difficult and uncomfortable for most people, alcoholic or not.
Total bust, trade for Romo
Yeah because people will stop buying couriers all together if the monkey king doesn't disguise as them
It's easy to support law enforcement when your experiences with them are positive and community members see them as public servants rather than oppressors.
Doesn't grandma know that computer games give her viruses?
wild growth + priest of the feast mmh..
... why the goose are you commenting on this thread, it's, like ancient.
where is the fire extinguisher?
Anytime you see the word Supreme written somewhere, you should take a picture and upload it here with the same unoriginal "1:1 succ" title
Because the general vibe here is mature and respectful like it used to be before that goddamn Complex article that brought most of you here
Thank you!
That's because they're mostly white, and deserve everything they get.
Thyroid problems and water retention obviously
Uhhh Time named them both person of the year!
Yes.
Well, if you follow that logic, the party of Lincoln now supports states rights so makes sense
If I'm to be a flower, can I pick hemlock?
clarkson still looks more consistent than russell though imo
An fx 6300 with a fury x. The bottleneck is real.
He said it before summer split,stop giving fake info
Thanks for answering the question.
I prefer my origin story better
Which is fine by me, I'm sure there will be Gamebattles or other ladder like sites to play and compete on.
It's hard to work when there's a room full of loud mouth petulant kids refusing to do touch anything that existed in the same room as he did.
So genuine and authentic.
AUG in 2016 LUL.
No, because Scientologists aren't allowed to use the internet to view Scientology related media.
But HRC was against it!
2 rare
These TC bogos soon to sell out faster than the authentic ones
Hey you be nice to Matt Joyce!
They're all the same -.-
He misses Morgan.
Who?
The DM wasn't bad, he was just a predictable dickhead
very dope
Ugh why would you say something so offensive I hate you now
So about a billion dollars worth for airplane in this photo?
Boat.
Don't worry, just another false-flag
I see it.
But they're smiling...
Because it's Brampton
Wow, thats freakin amazing.
I was being sarcastic, now I know why people will include
Maybe by the time his deluxe comes out.
Thanks Donald trump!
On Reddit we finish a sarcastic post with
I have sunk many hours into Omega Ruby and Y, but I have never played GO.
Hey he can say what he wants about those fat retarder feminist, but how dare he trash talk self driving cars!
Leftists are implementing thought crimes.
It has been peaceful ever since that night.
But Shyvana's ult has no cooldown.
Except his family of course
The Grudge
Expected it to say "Send Nudes"
You don't know what the situation is like for nursing students, so personally I think you should mind your own business instead of insulting people for doing their jobs dude.
Put your North Pole in her South Hole?
Perfect flick for 3 days before Christmas.
It's Gaelic, not Spanish.
You forgot the
Russia could use a guy like you
Well CLEARLY your mom died BECAUSE she's a fatlogician that died from eating exclusively fatty meats
Those aren't soldiers, they are *defense enforcers*
you forgot the
That beard is glorious, man!
You're on reddit so you probably smell like a Klingon and look like you've been in an engine room from not bathing.
Well I mean, he scored 50+ goals in the 2015-2016 season, single handedly brought Sweden to the Euros, and won a treble in France.
Spoiler alert for those with a dvr
Yeah, I also hacked into NASA's mainframes and found out they are a group of reptilians.
Guys Bill gates said something so it means we must listen!
Sumners 500 kg squat!
This needs to be the sidebar picture
nah they beat the sixers handily The Clippers was a fluke win though since Blake, CP3, and Reddick were all out, so realistically 1-15
Automatic turrets, duh
Cesus Jhrist
Throwback to Nintendo GameCube in the AV room during lunch
At least you can kill gay whales for your enjoyment.
Damn, maybe I'll contact a seller on eBay or something and see if they are willing to take the handles apart and ship separately.
of course because every crossover is automatically cringe
SHE HAD 20 YEARS TO STOP HIM.
You should post this in r/im14andthisisdeep
It's called the M16
Mine too but the head pops off so easily that you can just leave it off and the body stands fine...
Yeah, its like she was asking for it.
Ah the American civil war
but they weren't caught in the act, so forensics doesn't count.
The fact that nobody realizes this is a repost is also terrifying
But Jeph Loeb did Sam Alexander, and Marvel Studios doesn't care about Jeph Loeb!
Currently only have the little controller
Sorry I forgot this.
Revenue taxes are set by the Federal Reserve usually, he really could only provide input.
I think the 3 Baja blasts is the real win here.
Ahhh, the extreme Jon Bone Jones.
What map is this?
just came in
Vardy is better
Don't leave us in suspense, what did you change?
It'll be different then.
Oh no, poor guy hope he recovers soon
clearly this won't affect the mental well-being of a first year rookie.
Federer not winning 25+ slams
Cant wait to see the full vid!
Staff 5 of the mists
Its a wolf and fox on a bed together, its almost expected.
I just say yiff.
Confirmed, just added to downloads.
I played OG cod on pc, I play MWR on PS4 and the main games are still tdm, dom and s&amp;d sometimes I can get games on hq.. and yeah people rarely talk anymore, I don't talk on mic because I find it embarrassing and I'm self conscious about my voice, but each to their own.
Why the fuck is Bilbo Salvation doing a town hall in Wisconsin?
Awesome, totally agree
Not that clear since i'm frequent at this subreddit so my IQ is higher than everyone else that thinks different and I didn't catch it.
Turn gay, they love a small man...
It's almost like they don't care about the CompCod community because it's an insanely small part of their sales.
I hadn't thought of that
Glad she thought it through when voting.
I find this paradox interesting, take my upvote.
Would be a nice gesture for sure, but yeah does depend on the person.
Haven't you heard, every news source EXCEPT for Breitbart is fake news now!
According to Garry they aren't interested in your opinion unless you enjoy the game, so yea I enjoy the fuck out of it...
Outdated.
But didn't he play the euros for them?
I wanna, I wanna, I wanna
You should also use plurals
Oh god, 2017 hopes are shot.
and, surely Wang will throw away a $10 billion investment over this
Because he has no reason to preface that claim, right?
inb4 helk shadowban
It's not like the airport was there first.
Hurrr what for its bleak here
Will still be LIT
It's just a dead pixel, easily fixed.
Sweet, thanks!
1/1 2017, calling it now
Where is your
Genetic Inheritance
Way to ruin iwillbeforever's win streak, that's just not cool.
Looks to be working as intended.
Too much food, people will start to complain and say that the skin is insensitive to people with allergies or to people who can't eat those foods
Should've said she would be in no state to walk after youve finished with her, because you will break her legs
But Coleman makes some damn fine camping equipment.
Cheers!
But they consider each other outside the Church half the time, so nbd amirite?
What's a badge bunny?
Assuming you aren't restricting the eating motion of those around you, I agree.
Story OP?
DON'T BELIEVE YOU
Just like you guys don't know how to show your emotions, you know nothing about hairstyles either.
Of course Sterling fails to score
Taxation is the price we pay to live in a sivilized society.
We get Out Jurco and Mo instead
Politics
They were cracked
No dude, he's DPOY that was clean!
"If the planes arnt up you'll work 14 hour shifts" Nice try Gunny, but the planes will never be up
Meyers Leonard!
You forgot your
The stuff they released today makes me want to play solo more than ever before!
You are incorrect.
that list is quite bullshit.
An-Cap's might be losing their shit at seeing Raw Milk being sold back then.
This totally doesn't reek of hyperbolic propaganda
Yeah, sure, NO one would EVER go for that free gank.
The only thing covered up is Hillary's emails!
Didn't you know, cancer has been cured but the government is keeping it secret to make money off of chemo
Cup of coffee and a quick look at this subreddit.
Martini op, Dice plz Nerf again!
In curious, what makes your hugs the best?
I guess your item level was too low
You don't need to apply your logic here, this is GW2 we're talking about.
The Vikings probably learned it from the Romans who were about before there were Christians nevermind Muslims.
You cant get ulti at 17 though
It's because no one outside of Reddit really gives a fuck.
Maybe he just doesn't know when her birthday is?
"Never Give Up"...obviously..
*
Did you just rail against someone mocking a group of people by thowing him into a group of people and then mocking him?
Maybe it will fully resolve itself when you return to the mother church?
Yea, but that's 2 more goals than he gave up in the last 2 games combined!
name?
Not gonna lie, if they released a Burger King Collection with all of them I would probably buy it.
Nice try mr price fixer!
As long as you thought "Go wild in the aisles" in a dale Winton voice, you be fine.
Well, these results totally surprised me.
*While I'm playing with toxic teammates...* I'm breathing in the chemicals...(inhales)...(exhales).
Gee, that sounds fantastic
I'm convinced Jim Irsay is one of the more incompetent owners in the league, but I've never heard anything about him that made me think he was a bad guy.
well if tarantino said so it must be true!
I am in favor of charities, I feel that the government won't do as good of a job as private charity.
That's a bingo!
The real question here is how can we blame this on Trump?
I've got dark matter, trinity, yellow lightning, ink all available for trade
Lol eye strain is a myth people
Garth Snow thinks the same.thing
Oh now I get it, i should have shadowflamed my 6/6 Holy shit how could i not think of that by myself, thanks for the advice
Asian, man that language is annoying, same with hispanic and Indian.
I am definitely trying this next snowfall.
Yay more MACRA.
P.E.K.K.A!
Nuu get married already.
Lol I've literally never heard of this and the thought alone makes me cringe.
So it can advertise battery packs exclusively to users with &lt;15% battery remaining while browsing.
Oh my Force that makes like so much sense!
I'm not out either, and I'm queer.
Wait what is this -_-
Because that's totally action figure related....
Man, what a body kick against Brown.
Idk it be a close race, but Brady would win
The Baratie
Triggered
Hasn't played exceptionally, were you watching these games or are you delusional.
Most people don't know this, but there's actually a specific kind of tape made for protecting electrical connections.
I don't get it.
What's wrong with dividing the world between the US and Russia?
Or at the bus stop
The Obsession Continues
Get a hygrometer and make sure the humidity doesn't get too high
Aiding and Abetting, one-way ticket to a country that gives a fuck about your religion.
Also, unplug it if possible... ...then LOTO and get the proper hot work forms filled out and signed, grab a sniffer, have a fire watch, and remove all flammables 35ft or more
#NAME?
New Marvel Insider Bonus points coming later this week too... 83 whole points!
But I thought he said he doesn't use alts.
Obama has a press conference coming up, perhaps he will declare that next year is also 2016 and we have to redo the election!
ya bro this is fake; pizza gate is real but this is fake
I mean you are..since you're working for my WIC and EBT card anyway
Why doesn't Trump and Ivanka just bang already and make it official?
I don't even know, but it's hilarious!
Rabbit ears and aluminum foil.
why would qtpie be a more accurate source of information than doublelift?
What kind of build you got?
SEHD NUDES?
The Verge
i bet it'll spell out PPAP or somethin'
He should probably format C:/ on his computer too, so the lag doesn't come through from scanning websites.
But what of the juggernaut that is GFW?
Yeah, him and every president before Obama too!
What's digg?
Turks never genocide though.
Me no understand...
I'm glad I got the RX480, it's performing so well, I love it :3
Soon
Generally speaking that's a negatory good buddy, although I'm sure the PDs of some cities and towns will care less than others.
Downvote if you want, but Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time is actually a good game.
I've seen B4nny and comp players using it over stock lately.
Yeah, when I first saw images of the whispermen I got exited that they might relate to the trickster because of how similar they looked but no such luck.
My RNGesus must just be angry.
Now I can troll pick and still be viable in my games What a time to be alive
Depending on the condition, you can find clean E36 and E46 M3s for under $25k as well as some E39 M5s, unless you're talking strictly new cars.
Actually it's about ethics in racial superiority.
The goodyear tire lobby is going bribe the government to mandate these be installed countrywide.
I SEE YOU SOM BOI.....@ UFC: BISPING vs GSP
Sorry....should've added
I can see it all, is that what you are asking?
ken bone is my hero
On your front porch.
Do you ever question your reality?
Wasn't intentional and he wasn't considered defenseless
Okami yo
but, but, everyone was telling me top 4 is impossible and unreachable...
Agreed
** grind in an environment where someone can blow you up in seconds with absolutely no effort or skill required with the hydra, and no way to defend yourself from it besides forcing one person your team to do NOTHING for hours but patrol with their own hydra, cuz thats not boring or the definition of unbalanced
At least you made 14 dollars though!
You're wrong, Jesus was a white, southern, christian, steel worker.
Yeah those sanctions against the US really showed them
In their defense it does have 11 USB ports
You're right, we *should* give the white nationalists a platform to discuss their agenda.
Pretty sure this is the boss level to some video game with amazing graphics.
Terry Hershey looks like it is Vulpix now
You can improve your drafting stage by summoning more beast monks.^
I've never experienced that because I work in a very conservative industry and all of my family is far-right so I'm not used to dealing with other liberals.
Nice job Hillary!
Go back to th8 and finish those first?
Looks like it was pretty hard to do...
Those two are some of my favorites!
So they used Wikileaks?
Shaking my dick hard
Ok fair...but how's being married to your sister-cousin
You just don't want to try to prove a negative because you're lazy or something.
Trade him for Yannik Weber
Love your logic...
Absolutely
The technology just isn't there sorry man.
Some sexy tanks
Yes, but was she the one the bloggers said stunk because she co washed her hair?
I'm obviously brigading becausee I have an opinion he doesn't like and it's getting upvoted.
People may see this as someone exagerating, but holy shit, the games were someone starts to complain from the start are the worse, I would gladly take a player ranked golden than one of those...
Hmm, so if I make sure to always have less than 10,000 dollars in assets, I'd be slightly less likely to die at any point!
You were just taking all the kills....
Remember when Trump tweeted that Clinton had paid Donald Duck to follow him around?
Firefox worked last year on my s5
Yep, I bet it set Daddy Soros back a mint.
Proof that global warming isn't real.
I got like 4 minutes in and I couldn't take it anymore.
Change his bed sheets, that will really mess with his mind!
Especially since Putin won't allow Trump to do anything about it.
I just rip my dick off you know?
*twitc'h*
They probably can't even name 6 of Chance's albums.
This is why we have to repeal the death tax right?
Good to see he is tackling the big issues in his last days in office.
He means that it is a 3 month old account and essentially the sole activity is posting anti-Trump and anti-Republican things to politics.
Why would I burn my class notes when I can sell them to StudySoup and make a few bucks?
Mega minion being the #1 sparky counter honestly I use MM after sparky crosses bridge
That was on my 7th birthday!
All I see is a comment graveyard after mods nuked the thread
It's ok to discriminate against Catholics though.
FAKE NEWS
Yeah, blind and/or extreme partisanship is great or is motivated by something good
Did you forget this?
Oh that curl!
I know that at least the square reader can read chip cards, and yeah it should work with the 3.5mm to lightning adapter.
Oh come on, you know you're not a real citizen if you speak Spanish.
A-Z cause I'm an ADC
YouTube: Every frame a painting
Major corps requests from a verified corporate account are taken with a higher weight.
Well that's a bold prediction
That's a deal breaker for me.
But its Roman's fault
nah, wheres the logic in that
Personality/emotion has a huge impact on outwardly perceived attractiveness
I'm sure that helped DZ balancing
Inside word is that he's gonna stay in Crusader country and not jump on the Canes bandwagon like Jordie...
Tiberon prime when de
Nice you can get all the way to 1600x1024!
I have 4 showdown collectables, will that be enough for the set?
He's talking about the satellite that Batman uses to spy on all of us and report our activities back to Donald Trump's newest appointment for the NSA, commissioner Gordon.
Well, he was a tricky and sly MoFo, so you never know!
Definintely been proven to work sufficiently
unless...gravy has already secretly mastered smashbox tech that is unbeatable
I deleted mine 3 yrs ago But come on now....fb has just yesterday announced that they will put in ways to help prevent fake news........
and both were so good for the working poor and deregulation never caused any issues
Not as if this is an important public service.
Such great examples of success.
Yeah, there's no attractive women anymore, amirite?
Support Station and Smart Cover cooldowns start only after they expire.
Actually only 7, #Tibalt4Lyfe
Does it have voice prompts
How can you even call yourself a nerd if you don't love the biggest, most mainstream franchise of all time?
URL: eight minute cointoss.
oh wow, he didn't start at that time, he must have been shit then
Seattle, plus those unis were tight af.
what a terrific answer
I hope so, I just want to finally get that unicorn kit
Clearly we're forcing all teachers to sling an M4 over their chest and an M9 on their hip.
What's that thing hanging down near the driving wheel, where are your duel climate control settings, and your ignition button?
Nice whore tattoo
Shouldn't you get the helicopter?
Yes, this is very logical, if they are physically tired, they will be much too tired to feel sad
Your fuhrer only won because he cheated, get over it.
Play the ~~Lucky Block~~ PopularMMO Pack.
Rose would like a word as well.
Yeah but that was after a heavy Thanksgiving meal
With the current birthrate of Turkish immigrants it will only take 30-40 years before Austria becomes a Turkish majority country
Can never know if the money coming out is counterfeit, better use some c4 to expose the cash box just to be safe
I'm personally always astounded by tao pai pai's ability to surf through the air on a log.
He's just playing a game of 5-D chess with these media types!
Where there's a topps, there's a way!
Send him to Guantanamo bay obviously, since he's a terrorist
All those Nami Cosplays that are done wrong, obviously.
I... I feel like you forgot the
But he played with us for a few years in NASL, so it's worth it!
Haha oh ya that turned out be quite the scandal
Oh, Electrical Engineer here, this was definitely
Im gonna quote the maker of the map: "The map doesn't do anything special with altering hit boxes of any kind."
I'm sorry, I forgot that most important aspect of internet communications, you fucking douche bag.
God bless him!
Are they also kkk supporters now?
Actually it'll still say LG inside of it.
you didnt say "you could buy from npcs for 44.99" 0/10 would not eat banana again
fucking hell hex how could you
Lol somethings never change, another year of FaZe being onliners ;)
Genius!
Cant get laid = time to commit suicide.....seems normal
"Price is wrong, bitch."
You must be a shill
The Moth update.
Who?
Thank you!
You're gonna get far in life....
it arguably hurts the movement though, so like come on man.
Do you have a link for the interview?
I demand you do my research and provide me with proof.
Don't question him, you filthy Russian spy!
Neither I've searched under every option.
My scharnhorst would like a word.
Calm down dude, they're giving us a white reindeer mount that goes the same speed as your mount now for compensation
Fucking poles.
Boost is dope for me I love that I can change all the colors
Looks bad
Well that IS the only new source, right guys?
he just need to fly backwards, the downforce will be epic in the corners.
Desync.
I'm from Mexico, so I think I know what Mexico is like lmao, but nice try.
The real MVP comment
Register on the organ donor list.
ya only toxic to teammates now not enemy xd
better use sandbox mode
Kurt Cuban's imaginary friend has really moved up in the world.
If she is not a liability I don't know what is.
But the English are so pretty!
Or maybe they do it in this way to make all of us write it off as a dumb conspiracy!
It sure do
Mensen die veel schietspellen spelen kunnen ook goed wapens gebruiken, misschien moeten we die ook maar bannen
Equal rights get equal lefts.
Who dey say gon' beat dem Bengals?
Nice use of bots!
Then you cant be Hanzo, McCree, or Genji.
Geez there's no way you are 40, so hot
He was pretty good.
Seriously dense like you
And why the womyn in this video are alway womynterupting Santorum?
The time to stroke is now.
racism only works one way
Wow, you can really tell how in touch he is with the average American
I just don't give a shit.
Yeah, not like you can do the same in other countries!
If you ask me, the ancient Greeks were more accepting
Whenever I see your username, I'm like "at least we have one Jesuit here" ^
Ah yes, here's the Christian charity.
But there wasn't Ice yesterday.
Are you me?
Man that's a real shame, you were gonna spend your life with her and now you have to report her for scripting :/
Nah, John Hansen.
No need to hack scott
yea thanks for that suggestion
Lakers fans don't count as people
You didn't like Chef?
At the same time, since they're weaker than engineers!
I'd love it if loading times were way shorter and I didn't get kicked to story mode after 5 minutes of playing online...
Well thank god at least his ult is balanced
no ur fat
savage
unless he releases it early
Need to be cuffed
You can refund the money your MIL and her parents paid for your diploma then....
I'd probably wonder why the hell Scott was using Freddy in his teaser he's not lore relevant stop it scott
those characters look like they want to die
And J Cole went double platinum no talent.
The problem is you're in Alabama.
Imean they're as smart as the average human being so it's fine, right?
I think it needs more butter
do usaf pilots have to be carrier rated then?
Typical lame stream media reporting
Does your name also mean something in Polish or is it just a witcher reference?
Lol he forgot the
I have a question, can I change my Alaska Thunderfuck 10000K on PayPal part of my signature and keep my purse and snake?
No, we arent allowed to fire arniel, ddnt u know our pp is 4th in the league?
"what is the most annoying click bait?"
Heresy i say, heresy!
Yeah but, *show us*.
Yah I don't know why else he would be so defensive.
Totes transphobia.
They mention in the post that they're not sure how they're gonna sub some of the sound effects (like GASSHAT) but otherwise they're solid.
Longer than it should
But I think another point here to make is those heros are situational and a lot of time won't work, so be willing to switch soon if you aren't getting picks or helping your team
Sounds correct to me
We can change that.
Depends on how many rectums they have as a pair!
Leave the Power 6 status to the Mountain BEST!
I know :)
No.
Yeah I think some of those lights would look better upside down.
Why are you breaking the anti-Liberal circlejerk?
These poor countries are just too lazy.If they weren't,they could get as much money as us.
I think this Lucio main is taking it a little too far....
Nobody controls the Trump campaign, not even Trump.
SCOTUS has ruled any form of dismissal of a faithless elector as unconstitutional.
RIP
Then I toss it all out of the window.
I fail to see the problem here.
Hey you give me my narrative back!
Yeah because fan complaints totally affect what decisions get made in regards to the show
You forgot
Are you still hurt that Dazed threw the game?
Must have been one hell of a night
Yea why is blizzard so bad at accurately depicting mythical creatures!
Don't worry guys, trump will save us...
Are you new here?
The entitlement is real.....
I dunno, man, I'm always taken aback when I hear my favorite driver isn't gonna win another Sprint Cup race.
Because they're hard working Americans, and not moochers
Did you just assume CDPR's gender?
even though you stole the joke, at least you were nice enough to give context
tl:dr your wrong all cops are white racists blm is love blm is life
Yeah, I'm sure those cabinet appointees will take care of the people.
nah brah, they just tryna dry their hands without a towel
Uhh "you lost get over it hahaha" ?
but aspect ratio is not the same as resolution
I second this
We have the momentum now, we can just play it safe
And one day very soon you will let one rip and find out that some farts have chunks.
As a man I feel I can explain what types of sexism women experience better then they can
Cheers to that guy.
That explains all the egg symbolism and the theme of rising from the dead
Because it's not true.
Why of course the r9 290
The Legion of Doom
Not a female, but you look like Edward Norton.
Yeah, but kids can't vote, so fuck 'em.
#3 sounds like dating advice haha
Maybe his 4-year-old kid is *really* precocious
Bad finish from Messi.
Then why have a vote at all if you think people are stupid.
Pats fans are just as bad.
YOU'RE BLEEDIN' OUT
Rodger Goodell didn't allow it.
Besides the obvious appearance related ones?
If it was Samsung, it would have exploded and taken out the whole wall.
2.99 for bags is expensive.
Woah easy there turbo don't bring the gestapos down on us!
What average cost do you get with the 960m?
Unlike Ben Harmon, who is a terrible psychiatrist.
PLZ SEND BETTER SOURCES HES BLAZIN THE TRUTH LOL
What if I threw in 5 heart trails
Yeah if only he could make high quality content like uberdanger and sky williams fight or flee.
Is it an easy 4.0?
I do love myself some 4v33 clutch moments !
Gary Sanchez
Wait, is Monaco a real place too?
Sadly, there's always spoofing :(
what if phineas can time travel and is bopen?
Governments have only ever existed to protect rich people.
Ehhh looks okay to me its gonna burn it off anyways
Shit, I guess I'll get to my local store early tomorrow.
I wouldn't mind a taste of that
Why is some in Swedish and other parts not?
Yeah, but it's only unacceptable when it's white people...
My fiances name is ben, and he's def my bitch.. In a good way :)
Stoned to death, may be?
I dunno man, the single mother who failed her PT test four times at my base and still got to sew on says differently.
The Browns have been to the playoffs?
Pats clinched first round bye with the win over the Broncos.
called it Half the sub downvoting the original red R post smh Anyway, H Y P E
It's not like most of them were created by capitalist societies in order to keep capitalism in place or something
Menurut fatwa MUI, dilarang menggunakan atribut dan hiasan agama lain bro.
Wow Skyrim remastered looks so good!
Logic checks out.
Now that's a load of crab
Yeah, but if he'd only hit you the 'right way' then you'd love him more and be a better person!
Yes in fact he is still on the team
With gnome shell
Real men accept the risk.
Yeah dude when two people are happy together and do dumb shit it's so cringey omg
I believe that's their dry herb vaporizer kit
thanks for this
that much was clear from the beginning.
Watch it now on YouTube in handy 5 minute installments.
Totally!
Fair play, there was a lot of worries to be fair but I think your heart was in the right place, sorry to hear the hate went as far as harassing you on Facebook.
The Honda Odyssey van across the street does the 2-3 times a week.
I thought the abundance of aluminum was from chemtrails
Can't do the sword quest in them, I guess not all quests can be done Also Daily bounties that say you need to win a control match don't work in crucible either (I'm assuming because the exact wording is "in the control playlist" which makes sense I suppose)
What a fucking scumbag.
Champagne?
Anyone who doesn't agree with my politics is alt right bigoted racist Trump supporter!
*Cyanide_Vinyl Good luck everyone
Pete Rose.
I've found a used Vibro Champ XD, and it's just a little bit over my price range, so I'll check that out, thanks!
Well that's useful.
Not with Putin's help
You guys are getting worked up over a completely speculative tweet from a guy that you've never even heard of.
We are no longer the knights who say "Ni!"
I mean McDonalds is always hiring
Now there's a healthy attitude if I ever did see one
This is fucking gold.
I still want to see that debate.
The best player in Planetside 2.
does everyone's vote have the same weight in this poll or are 4 NY votes equal to one from Wyoming?
What are you talking about, there's running water surrounding the whole island.
My guess would be that they are still going to go with Blackburn, but since UTC's football coach took the Richmond job then UTC needs him to hire a coach there first.
And the democratic party has no power in those states
Also reduces the size glass you can pour into, unless you're balancing this contraption on the edge of a counter.
German plumber running gas to the showerhead perhaps?
Definitely can only hear that in Power's voice.
Winter is a harsh mistress ...........
How have we already forgotten the broken AP kog before Riot nerfed it 6.24
Would be cool if they looked like christmas trees...
That definitely worked perfectly when he just assumed that this Lex was evil
But it's her turn!
Aw sweet, looks like we have 2 centers named Cesar Ruiz now!
I never thought of holding a gun to a girls head until after she married me.
This is clearly early concept for the house in Resident Evil 7
because everything bad is cause by the left
I can feel the lardsweat trickling down my back.
Bill is a dick.
ooops
So you're saying he'll have average chemistry with Connor McDavid
Its funny how most people say Palutena's is the most similar to FD in terms of blast zone, when literally every omega in the game has the same blast zones to FD except for 3 of them, and Palutena's is one of those 3...
It means up to 180xp!
Specs?
Phew, what a relief!
That can't be it
But that'll encourage teenagers to be sinful and lust for one another's flesh like hormone driven sex zombies!
Well I guess a professional hitman is now qualified to be president since they just did the job they were appointed to do
But but there is totally a movie with Scar Jo playing Zoe in the works
HAARP
*Oh it's just a phase, you'll come around I'm sure*
Not everyone is born with a silver magic wand in their hand.
Well, I mean, we can't have the voters thinking he DOESN'T hate black people, now can we?
Nope, they are both called Tom.
The Swastika proves they were peaceful!
I think that good supports are the only one authorized to bm anyone.
On the bright side, it costs less now to salvage.
A lot of people go out and claim it is a proven fact Wikileaks is compromised and none of their leaks can be trusted, when the only thing for which there is even evidence is that the leaks were acquired by people using Russian language settings and names hinting at Communist ideology.
I think you're confusing causation and correlation
Oh, is the season over already?
Actually, she's the devil's bride
Well you still got what i meant (:
No, he said "God is great" you islamophobic racist.
Is that kid wearing crocs with dress socks?
Why is everyone doing this now?
Sony clearly got 2spooked by the Switch and gave Correct the Record new post-election jobs targeting Nintendo.
Oh, c'mon Sand Springs, OK flag is an amazing flag
Because when we are not winning and I feel bad and I want everyone to feel bad too
Time to commit suicide.
Tyler would've had the police show up over a million times now if that was true.
Lol yeah one of Trump's focuses should be to renegotiate the contracts of all the overpaid sports analysts.
Australian for container that holds small fruits.
I actually went and bought Last Guardian today.
Because nobody cares who's going to be tomato canned in the playoffs en route to a Raiders/Patriots AFCCG.
You haven't seen r/politics lately have you?
Muh human nature
Haha "a little sex"
where would I be on your rating system
bully seminar incoming.
we could just nuke the planet into nuclear winter
You spotter twists them to help motivate you
lol
Of course not, we should just let Reddit groupthink decide who to nominate, it's never taking us wrong before.
Well, he couldn't just walk up and toss a fingernail clipping into the beam or anything...
Bruh this sub wants more 21 Savage, real raps.
crockpot recipes?
I'll try that, thanks
Janitorial Duties
I have to hand it to you, pretty good one.
how does easy turn to east, man I'm dumb
Shush, you know you want it for the karma
Yeah, and every other time it's the same friend of mine who hasn't played a Forza game in the last 4 years.
It has power to recognize Russia as an occupant and the annexation as illegal.
Tramp!
While we're there then - could they please remove the weird Barkskin sound, and make Lunar Beam *not* sound like somebody just hearthstoned away ?
I would try to make him but I used all my collectibles on Bryan Anger.
yeah but everyone who isn't a kidfucker is just oppressed by reddit's nazi mods and admins
Hopefully not MVP...even though they are probably past their prime (you never know if they will show up again), I don't want to see them next to MaHa...
I think you won just have everyone follow Tripp and buff/heal or debuff enemies
Cancer lv 2 LH
How do folks like this survive in the real...AMERICA?
Because Obama did all of this.
George has his own life and worries and couldn't give a shit what policy has been cooked up by a half-baked area manager straight out of school.
Yea it's not like he could have hundreds of henchvillains Spidey could fight
They jettisoned all mid range AA guns in exchange for extra damage control
Pretty sure electric lighting has been done..
How do I do that on mobile?
It's like a Horsehoe with the alt right on one side, liberalism on the other and communism in the middle.
Yea they really fleshed out Kimahri, he was given so much growth as a character.
But, but...he neeeeeeeds to have sex with another girl!
They're too busy being poor and uncultured...
i must have dropped my
exploding match does not really sound that scary or impressive.
If you like key travel, I recommend a IBM Model M. To hook it up, you'll just need an AT to PS/2 dongle connected to a PS/2 to USB A dongle connected to a USB A to USB C dongle connected to...
Username checks out Looking at this guy's comment history makes me sick
A "free" chance to win.
You can do keto as a vegan, and you can certainly do low-carb.
but but Greg Millen said he was going to be great!
Hes been the perfect replacement for Kehl
If I remember correctly, the victim was actually Polish, but of course it's not mentioned in the Western media.
Don't worry...just watch her squirm and complain when illegal immigrants are not available to these people who are top stupid to understand their own hypocrisy.
You dropped this:
Are we not gonna talk about the URL being GlamorousLion?
Yeah bc flankers jobs are to stay with the team at all times
More like, this is so good that they will make it but not credit it.
just check my one drive
What does where I live have to do with definition?
Good thing he didnt say Pepe and Navas can do this as well lol
Meat is bad, you heathen!
You mean Bill Hicks?
inb4 "Wow who would own such a terrible, aggressive dog?"
Oh wow...never thought I'd hear DCI mentioned in here :D
"Hard hitting news!"
I know, I'm such a heartless cunt like that
Si BAYAW yata yan ah!
How does nuking entire countries, including thier non religious citizens, do anything to help you fetid chunk of meat.
Every worker in the first-world
MTV - That will fix our divided country, more racism
I wonder if that's why they call it queso.
He should've asked you about the adoption first.
yeah I live right by the theater, if you want to grab a beer or something before the start I'm down
Goku's belt is clearly blue.
So I should make a discussion thread on my favorite video game board when someone is confirmed to be straight and make a big whoop out of it?
*"Damn liberetarards the second amendment is the only amendment MAGA"*
With this level of quality CIA communication...we should all assume the Russian claims must be 100% true!
No, the voting system is a much bigger problem than both of those issues combined
So I'm not up on sales tax and stuff but they cost $130US from the machine.
Nah I think Kentucky should go down a conference.
plot twist: it's a kardashian
Forget 'fuck those kids', how about 'fuck that insurance company'?
Spin the water in the balloon.
I think it'd be good if you mentioned the max module depth for each case (and for each row in a case, where they have multiple rows).
Yes, because you should be able to carry dead weight to play with similar skills.
You do look nice.
It's totally pointless, nobody asks that question every week after all.
Ah, I bet Cody had no idea that that message exchange would be shared.
I play casual &amp; only kill people above 5 KS.
How deep mechanically.
RIP
Because brazzers is known for its broad content aimed at all ages
There is no joking around when it comes to grammar apparently
You forgot the
Yeah man HOW DARE YOU go outside and tell people that you do that stupid bragging lifer
Sure, once you have sex you will be validated and happy for the rest of your life without wanting anything more.
Lindsey Stirling?
Personally I'm looking forward to having a chance again.
That you can do a thing in a different way doesn't make the thing less useful.
Where's your global warming now?
Proof of global cooling
BUT MAFIA GAVE A LEAD AND ALL MAFIA LEADS SHOULD BE BELIEVED CAUSE MAFIA IS THE TRUE TI
ye but have u concider every role should will becus will very importanto an he can write dwon waht he do what he revive omg so you are bad elo i report you 15x now cause u bad retri need revive and will o my god jailor not fault it retri o god
Oh right, I forgot that everything everywhere stops for winter break
Well, that's what I get for looking forward to something.
I think most likely scenario is 50/50 split.
I play street hockey every day after Christmas
It's not propaganda if we benefit
Fucking crush him Tammy.
Roses are red Violets are blue There's always an Asian That's better than you
Yeah pedo jokes always funny...
Thanks!
Yeah its really surprising that conspiracy theorists aren't believing the gov and msm huh?
like playing chess with a pigeon
Her only love is the Motherland.
Bro don't apologize do what you want fuck the other guy
Cameron is the biggest cheater I know.
Yes and if you can, try to get a hold of previous tests.
Whew, now I'm relieved.
Yeah, but what have they done for us *lately*
Plot armor is a powerful protector
That last shot looked like a toggle, disgusting
if you are interviewing for that many jobs, is it going well...
Works everytime on my PS4, fucking PC peasants!
Abortion is always an option
Started with drinking in the corner (because stereotypes), but got involved in the fight because America is involved Australia
The engine can't handle more armor sets and wings in town
You dropped this:
Nerf Greninja
hmm, Ive never heard a comedian tell a joke.
They couldn't come up with a better name than "MyVR?"
Mmm taxpayer money well spent
He did nazi that coming
We'll probably find out the journal is from the future
Trump won the popular vote, except for how he didn't.
Gotta disagree on Chewie, he is good against stormtroopers but usually I see Villians take him down pretty easily
I was expecting "send nudes"
PS4 Slim and Pro, worst console performances ever, sales only weeks after launch.
"Oh he's hurt!"
TSM had the best top, jg, mid, ad, and support and look where it got them.
What would you call this, "Experimental cosmetological archaeology"?
Duh, that's why they're buying one.
Double post, sorry.
PLS NO
Thought these were giant floor stickers.. then realised that's a table... perspective
Naw, they're not underpowered if you send your blastoise to fight ghosts, psychics, or fairies...
I'm wishing he hadn't dug up his horde
Yeah but you had one of those boats where the front doesn't fall off.
You dropped your
Well thank goodness they didn't piss away the money on Homeless women and children.
Well they said "like" so only off by about 10
A crash would wreck him
This, I have almost exactly half of the OP's collection, but I only play Empire.
What Will Junkies Do?
Looks like someone forgot to safety a couple blades...
It's because apparently Germany, UK and France were already taken over by Muslims years ago.
never ... go full retard
Not like they have anything else to worry about.
You want to start a war cause this is how you start a war!
He might be a muslim, don't tell him that, its islamiphobic
Is he sad because you got it for the Xbox?
he said that because it's the graphics card the ps3 uses
Something that allows the clans to compete against each other head to head, you know, something team-based... maybe even, arena-styled combat?
No let's compare horrible things instead and put them on a scale so we can justify doing ''less'' horrible things..
Yes, they are fueled by the ~~dankest of destiny memes~~ **the souls of all of the salty kids who got wrecked by thorn in Y1**.
Nice, I went to work that day, just like every day, every year, all year long
Exactly, so it means it was actually working...well done BMG, another fine decision
Ben Gibbard killed by an Uber/Lyft driven by a manic pixie dreamgirl.
Yeah because the rest of the internet totally doesn't just beat jokes into the ground
Ah it doesn't really matter if they're rehabilitated or not, we can send em straight on back.
But how will women like the show if there's no romance for the main girl!
I'll drunkenly tweet for cookout gift cards... That's what you're implying right?
That video made me notice Gangplank and McCree have the same voice actor.
Yeah because all liberals have said that
He's talking about the movement from the Fatimids to the Ayyubids during the Crusade era
See that would be valid if i took the photo..
Any news on Tracer's sexuality?
but, but hillarys server was secure, the media told me so, you'd have to get tom cruise to drop down on her bathroom closet to get a shred of info off that server
Hey man, that's how you know OP is delivering us some useful, well-thought out information
It doesn't matter if all the "diversity" is sectioned off into their own various enclaves where they never interact with society at large
Voting for Third Party candidates is bad and you should feel bad.
The real question is that after realizing how big of a hit baby groot was at the end of the first movie, will Marvel ever let Groot grow back up to his adult form.
He meant it as a "joke"!
Well obviously if it's not grungy and pseudo-realistic but instead is stylistic and vibrant, it's crap.
Just a note, this is for US voters, not all voters around the world.
That's because they don't celebrate Christmas in Canada
Drumpf does not need an answer to that...that would require critical thinking and the ability to weigh pros/cons.
I wouldnt reccomend buying them from these sites euro or whatever, buy it in game
Yea and Tyreek Hill has one carry for 68 yards, he's gonna be a pro bowl running back!
Hmm, verzekeraars laten bepalen wat we wel/niet mogen doen, goed plan!
We wouldn't want native Europeans to defend themselves...that would be bad.
What is wrong with the phone?
It's fake news!
Whoa, easy there Duterte.
You care enough to respond, haha.
I did watch the extended version...Probably had way more of that boring character development and narrative stuff..
Very nice, I like it!
Haha, that's why I used a non gendered noun like side piece you cis white male scum!
More like birds eye view of a drawing of Seattle
I think it would be awesome if work like this made a World of Warcraft VR experience with the Vive possible.
Human Female because meta.
Wait, you can kill those things?
Irrelevant.
Maybe thats why they cant into nordic?
COMMUSOCIALIST SCUM!
Because it is a communist shithole that is turning more and more islamic each day, so they go to great Murica, the land of opportunities, to immigrate there and become millionares by hard work and ensure a future for their families!
!RemindMe 2 days
WHERE IS HIS PROMOTION?
The video won't play, no audio nothing then after 5 seconds if starts fine no buffer, best quality.
Reticulating splines.
in
Rip that VHS now, cause it might be from the Berenst(e)in universe
I totally see trump doing this.
Not sure about the present day, but for an in depth look at their lives and what their jobs entailed in the 60's read *The Kennedy Detail* its written by the agents and gives a unique perspective of what happened that day, as well as what led up to it and it's aftermath.
Book 3 ended in a way that left me wanting more, but I was ok not being able to continue, so I would think you would be fine.
Well, if the statistics are anything to go by...
C'mon guys, 18 comments and 1 upvote?
nice save buddy
Jesus Christ man chill I forgot my
It looks so professional how could it be fake?
Get raped.
The Giants stopped making penalties and the refs want the Cowboys to win
BYU conference with the perfect bowl record.
Mage - Scylla/Ao Kuang Guardian- Terra Hunter- Jing Wei Warrior- Nike Assassin- Ratatoskr
Since fucking when is vaping a corner stone of Mom and Pop business?
None, they're all too old.
Definitely ask her to go grab lunch or dinner.
Saving this post so I'll have 10 days when we decide to switch
Kessel all smiles.
You're wrong!
So unrealistic, it never snows in LA
{{Aqua Spirit}}
we don't want the dirty locals messing up the place for our betters now - we want to be a proper third world country, please, where rich visitors are treated like gods and the locals provide cheap labor
In addition to what everyone here has said, be sure to look up other source books and online handbooks, as they have some really good invocations like eldritch glaive
All fake news.
Yes, all those companies *definitely* don't manufacture their phones in China.
I don't recommend doing any sort of physical activity because fitness and physique are just social constructs made to make lazy fat asses feel bad
Al massimo i poliziotti avrebbero potuto prenderla a pisellate in faccia...
Probabilmente ci avrebbero bombardato con i loro caccia...
Honestly I'd say there's ~100% possibility of this being intentional.
forgot my
Because I only profited $6000 from the sale,also I don't want a used car.
My F5 key is dying...
But people are done with experts...
So in about 50 more years Zebulon Pike will probably get some respect.
Yeah they just imprisoned a guy for insulting their leader, they are totally bastions of free thought and social progress!
You seem to be missing the point.
You pass the time when kids are really bored.
All of mine wear the same gear, and when you're left only focusing on weapons (even then, just your favorite/preferred classes) it isn't so bad.
They are fighting for the state of islam!
I opened the picture and now I can't find my panties.
You're funny, the NBA doesn't even have a rule against travelling
But how can we be sure if she's a real gamer?
Those risotto recipes are a threat to national security, if only I didnt have the wool over my eyes!
No you guys are all wrong, he's just disagreeing with his politics it has nothing to do with race and he would have said the some types of things to a white democratic president..
When I use Epacket shipping it always takes me 3-5 weeks to get my stuff, but it's free shipping across the world so i can't complain lol
So how do you suggest he get that Warm water?
At least our characters aren't all white males
Or like if we discovered a giant reactor in the sky that would send the energy to us and we just had to find some way to collect it...
I can't believe argueing with the ref and cursing at them didn't have a better result.
Oh wow, you're definitely going to hell for that!
So funny hahaha
clearly the second tab is the spacebar
Yes...a government agency to tell you what is true or false....can't see anything wrong with that.
Well hey, at least we don't have have some SOCIALIST PUSSY like Sanders in charge, right guys?
That's why he's using a CLI, because it's low end
But you can save $0.30 on fees!
Don't worry, she'll grow out of this soon!
kek
After seeing how Reginald conducts himself, and the brainless fanbase, I can't imagine why
What else do you want to blame it on?
No comment about the sentence, but this whole thing it's so fucked up.
Globalism is only good when America runs the world
And for a select few games (I think Nintendo Land, maybe Game &amp; Wario, I can't remember).
Wow nice establishment propaganda you CUCK
Works great
There is passion in both, people in both, death in both ... honestly I don't see the problem
And the Giants still can't win a damn thing.
I'm sure Tyler and Josh would be proud
n0ice
wow his parents are such islamophobes
:'(
Fuck yeah, Creed!
You dropped this:
All in the name of progress, my friend.
It's really more of a lavender than anything.
:O
Leonardo DiCockrio
Clearly you belong in North Carolina you biggotet shitlord.
Good thing m9 vanillas are going for 45 keys
Nope he made a couple cringy gaming videos so he's the worst
Why not just create a DevOps department that embeds into various dev teams and only talks to Ops using tickets &amp; Hipchat?
Well I never knew MILFs could be this deadly.
It happens in Enschede, and heard it's pretty big in Hengelo too ;)
Nutshack
ya there are cracks, look around the forums, and if you payed if debit or online via paypal, take the payment back, that wasn't fair what you got,
Exit and reload Steam.
Finnoscandinavia.
You're forgetting the 48 Skeletons.
Whys lumberjack there
Guys, TIL I'm glad that Tod Bowles is ok
Hopefully lab grown organs will be able to fill the gap left by self driving vehicles.
Martin
I've taken like 10 deep breaths in the last minute.
Wow she's not a bitter little snowflake at all.
Or you couldjust show people the picture.
But our glorious leader Lord Cheetos does and that's what matters.
It really is blissful ignorance most of the time... they have no idea what a pain in the ass they're being, and are most likely celebrating something with 10 plus people all out together.
With no knowledge it sounds like she liked the way you kiss, got a new bf who doesn't know how, and now wants this guy to kiss like you.
Wait, things can't change between two people in four years?
There's no way a girl could be as uncomfortable with the idea of getting fucked in the ass as he is!
Skinny guys have bigger penises.
Nice Datsun.
But there were few movies about him, isn't he a super hero mastermind?
Is he allowed to say Merry Christmas?
Ah who cares about light in solar panels?
TIR resets after NJP
Yeah, and it was all fake news anyways.
Nah same thing you can swallow with those as well
I know I am.
Because the United States never interferes in sovereign elections.
Well then Premarin is a perfect fit!
Yeah man, our FO and coaching staff has really proved to be skilled at evaluating the QB position
Paging u/Katie_Pornhub
'These nice muslims are just a small minority, not representative of the general population'
Time to make a post saying Merry Christmas to our friends at Global Offensive
Doesn't matter you can only see 24fps anyway.
Hur der but Myles Garret Hur dur we Browns'd the first pick Hur dur this victory means nothing Hur dur
WOW it's a good thing that giant rock stopped before it hit the house.
Yea, this is going to work out so well for everyone!
Wet Sand
Be right there, what is the password?
Maybe ask her to tip you too while you're at it.
Makes sense thinking about it now
Yeah, winter break is strange.
Because I didn't get to see it and everything is about me, okay?
Break out the popcoin
Oh boy you sure did get him good you did
Just like that time in Boston.
Dark Matter for 2 CC4?
Fade em
Could this lead to someone going mad...Never being able to fully unwrap their gift?
"Why don't you have a seat over there?"
Wouldn't if it were a PC.
Me too, I guess not though
Its called the omnic crisis, get your facts straight!
This is a 100% real post about actual events.
Me too man, me too.
I look forward to the Amsterdam cafe pit stop in Jane and Candice's baking trip
You should hear the horror stories over at r/canadaguns I've had shit left on my door step that absolutely should not be left on a doorstep.
Is calling it a doggy bag vegan?
Couldn't even bother to put it on a flash drive?
For her to pursue whatever it is that makes her happy, but I guess some of her time too, because I want to hear about what that is, and what she's doing to make it happen.
Working, listening to them unwrap presents over the phone...
Exactly
I feel bad for the veterans.
Mind your own business.
Very good response from the Bod.
R/OSHA in a nutshell.
it's the normal 3x use ones
And if it's the right temp and pressure, he's all genders at once.
Just like the truck guy in Germany?
Yeah, AGLC being AGLC.. they know what's best for us.
So should the B1G fine themselves for talking about refs missing calls?
Man... I saw this in my subscription feed too.
The Fappening
What was the reason?
Actually, that's Barry Allen.
Wow, why must you continue the persecution!
Winner winner chicken dinner.
Target fixation
That's the narrative now...Our country is in the shitter...Trump ran on the message of Make America Great Again...Ignore Obama he was great, Bush is bad (they both did the same things and Obama was less transparent than Bush) Clearly this is all Trump's fault.
But he's such a salty vet!
New York water is Very Clean ( minus the microscopic crustaceans found living in the water but that was deemed kosher by Rabbis so all is well)
he is clearly not 100%
You mean how Obama took credit for closing Iraq and Afghanistan, which is why we don't have any troops there any-- wait a minute.
21 is apparently a MVP player
Azir Q or E
S1mple's dry humour is hilarious LOL
Happened on my laptop too.
Oh I suppose we could apply that same model to the cable companies and ISPs as well?
But Israel is such an amazing, diverse, non-violent, and educated nation!
You definitely didn't, he must have replied to you by accident.
Well... who wants to start the collection tin to send to Tuscaloosa for Saban?
So your saying a rotation of Jhoulys Chacin ,Clayton Richard and possibly Jered Weaver isn't going to win the World Series?
did you miss the
He sounds like a real people person.
he wears red sneaks wadup with that
It's clearly a subtle criticism of societies reliance on the internet and our dependence on wi-fi.
NA TALENT LUL
Good riddance.
You can run back to the camp you just executed on more quickly
Shhh he'll be back in OG soon enough.
No, whenever you say anything that shows you're afraid of the policies that Trump himself has said he wants to implement you're fear-mongering!
its a tick
And it can be served cold or hot.
Holy shit what is the god damn motherfucking source please.
With that o-line, Romo's collarbone would be shattered after week one
I'm just saying it's a really cool coincidence that when calculating 9 months from the day a dude was conceived and also died years later, that it falls on one of the biggest days of celebrating for a number of pagan religions, that's really cool.
What did you do to get the Ken Block car?
I have the most confused boner right now.
Yeah, but that will just make this prediction all the more sweet when it eventually comes true.
We all pitched in 1 coin to help this man :)
I thought it was.. in that case... 27 INCHES BOI.
But.. you look like an idiot anyways.
Ask Activision, they'll be glad to do that.
Dude there is more than one picture chill
becuz he resigned from the Trump administation therefore Trump is to blame!
Fuck anyone lactose intolerant, or allergic to nuts or nougat am I right?
He miss badly this time around
Perhaps the hospital staff should stop posting selfies on imgur then...
But it's a **proprietary** USB plug, it's totally legit!
She's so smart and funny
I didn't know white supremacist symbols were allowed here
777
This will really show how much Israel wants peace
It's the official one on fangamer, it looks so good!
Wetsuits or drysuits?
TIL you can buy a GPU in a thanksgiving day meal
No no no, if a woman doesn't continually look 18 then she is vain and has definitely had plastic surgery.
How dare they make me comply with that contact I signed?
But sir, everything you're saying is inherently wrong!
Damn those people who care too much
This is why Trump won
Unless your killa
Yes, after we nab Lonzo Ball in the top 5.
Fair shout.
Shhh we don't talk about gerrymandering here, it's not a real thing
They're literally like 10% of realistic speeds for the guns in the game.
Um, the screen is pentile which means a) it's literally unusable and b) I am obviously smarter than you.
or rather lack thereof
So like when we elected Obama?
Born and raised in Louisiana, went to San Antonio and the shop keeper asked me where I'm from cause people don't usually say hello/aren't usually so nice.
Your husband seems like a badass.
Well since ButtMudd said it, it must be true!
Nothing turns someone off more than paragraphs
Ill give you no more than 2 keys for it
Wow that blows I'm sorry guys.
You can't post their names because then I'll spam their inbox with mean messages and find out where they work and live and tell their boss and kids that they are a no good filthy cheater.
They Googled something easily searchable &amp; retailers were PISSED
I used to think that too, and I still think that.
In the *youtube* comments, so you better believe it.
That's just like, your opinion, man.
But being non partisan won't help bring peace to the region.
Please don't make me put a
Well how do you know you love someone if they never buy you anything?
he will after the audit
Destiny for Xbox.
This just in, Windows 11 will only accept trusted usb plug-ins to help protect you better
I think he is or forgot his
Checkmate atheists!
If at the dinner table your boyfriend says "Daddy, can you pass me the salt", don't react and things won't get awkward.
We should tax them
Yaaaay politics on Reddit how refreshing!
While this may have been true, 2017 will be the year we all change our lives and improve ourselves as humans.
Come on guys, everyone knows it's not racist when the folks you're calling for genocide against are white
Have you considered Nodevember?
Yeah, this is a sub for arteests not engineers.
But Manning has less INTs!
I choose bountys first, they're the best
Because tone is something easily determined over text.
No, the 8th season is the best
Oh, there's a case headed to the Supreme Court, well problem solved.
well he does control the internet or something
Then it didn't have to do with the blocks
Yeah, cause the Israeli government carries out attacks on innocent civilians
I bet the fake news site Common Dreams also believes that Federal firearms registries are to advance political witch hunts too.
God is obviously a Bulls fan
Need for Speed II for Windows 95
Jones
Jerry's money was all over that fumble
Well, when you have elite pass rushers like the cowboys you can do that.
You forgot the
I'm from Curitiba, yes it is Curitiba.
Oh, yes because the comics NEVER do that every 2 or 3 issues still even after the [](/c "two-year time-skip.")
Don't worry someone here understood the nuance without the apparently needed
How else will we display our masculinity?
This is a deal that's worth going in debt for
nice
I've heard my Chilean friend mention the same mix, but haven't been brave enough to test it.
But he didn't get consent first before he complimented her so it's literally rape.
The boots-box, to colormatch them with my gloves
You just described the only three ways to hack, my friend.
Most people already do ...
Definitely sleep paralysis!
Coba introspeksi lagi, mungkin warga sekitar kurang beribadah.
Avenger, good choice.
TIL that I am a bootsexual due to liking bootcut jeans.
I think that's something that could pass in some other countries like North Korea, ISIS, Russia...
Protesting against the EU's bureaucracy
in b4 the " renewable energy doesn't help us we need more nucular, its all just fear mongering" oh wait, I'm too late....
What speaker monitors are those?
You forgot the
You didn't shit it out yourself, so your feelings don't matter
Yea, because logic strictly applies to a fantasy land with dragons, green seerers, the lord of light, etc... I had a good laugh at my own expense of how much of a facepalm-esq mistake this was.
SS done right!
Yes
he's right since you didn't do it I have to assume this is fake
r/jesuschristreddit
0/10 would not recommend this game anymore
Because no liberal was ever in the army.
two_gorillas 400 all chars
Did you just assume their gender?
Just remember that the Emoji Movie is going to be a thing in 2017.
Have you ever heard Rockhold talk about either of those things?
Another really original post about a really original, never seen before issue
Nothing could be more beneficial then rooting out the traitors in our midst.
We can only hope :D I wish for nothing more than the old SSB Vegeta cards getting a dokkan like the SSB Goku cards did for KKx10
I think the implication in their slogan that the arts are inferior to "real work" in tomorrow's world.
Probably a Russian plot by Putin.
oh yeah JDP is doing a good job, traded away the HR king, traded away the wins leader in the AL, yeah, real bang up job
Emulation isn't necessarily piracy, though most people that use emulators are pirating
At this rate it will be season 4 down the road, HA.
Nah, there must be another solution...
TIL Vermont and Montana are 2 very populated states
Yes because telling Israel it needs to play nice is going to cause a world war
I fucking hate cis men... BRD
Probably in Texas.
I could get to the bootloader, but when I selected recovery, I just ended up back in the bootloop.
Must suck being in the same league as Roode, Joe and Nakamura.
The players who wish that KF2 was KF1 and post nonstop about it...
You're incredibly good at baiting.
Nah, it's hard to move when you started a family at 19, you should totally pity these guys and lay blame where it belongs, at Obamas feet!
Could they have picked a faker looking stock photo for this ridiculous scenario?
Yeah, fuck em for giving us a free way to watch hockey!
Especially the episodes where they talk about aliens.
I haven't left my bed since I heard the news...
Quintessential Shonda Rhimes protagonist in the making: strong; career driven; really good at coming up with analogies; disastrous personal life and wavering emotional health
nah she was too lazy to pick a 2nd summoner
Who upvotes screenshots of Twitter exchanges between random people and why should we care?
You can try buying a joint roller if you want :) I don't know how to roll either (too lazy to learn) but the roller is easy and takes me like 3-5 mins to roll a perfect one every time :)
Because all REAL challenger players never make any mistakes and are mechanical robots without human emtions
*Slaps dick*
NOTICE ME DOOBSPAI
"I was indeed, and that's how I know that you can, in fact, teach children not to run around screaming in the supermarket."
What going to be annoying is when the market ultimately corrects they'll whine that it was Trump's doing.
When I pay taxes I want to know exactly which meter of road I payed for
Funny how it's always 2 beautiful girls that we choose to promote a helst hybrid lgbt+ lifestyle, never 2 middle aged gay men or even fat girls... Always the pretty ones, so progressive
Sounds like pizza gate, but that's totally believable
Im sure theres no regrets on that
You bet your bottom dollar he would be, McLean robbed the world of a prestigious Matt prior 2.0
You're my hero right now!
If 2 in 3 women are not raped, then who took that photo.. Checkmate patriarchy.
Well it's not like it's a part of his job to tell them when people leave the company or anything...
What a heroic model for our daughters
All tall team
Are you waiting for all the lights to change to white before inputting the sequence?
Riding actually makes me look forward to commuting in SoCal traffic!
Its about ethics in hip hop journalism
All white rappers are eminem wannabes tbh
I'd especially like if those covers went into detail about how a $1000 pair of sunglasses can help you offer an authentic blues experience
You spelled "June" wrong.
No, they talked each other like old friends, Sakura talking to him as "Raegen" and not Sir.
Now all they have to worry about are the Russian hackers.
Wow, that's really sexist
Those are cute not monsters.
What if this is what's left of the Alderaan system and that's where they go to remember why they are fighting.
Their sister is supposedly the best athlete of the bunch and I think she should have some eligibility left.
Good idea, make random assumptions, that'll work.
Outaimed....
Lol you forgot the
Dropped your
Oh, that completely changes things, he was only going to be racist in private.
I only have 5Mbps upload from my ISP :(
You're mean Bing *isn't* better than Google?
I'm silently judging you for play the game wrong, you heathen.
That's a lot of Crack!
But those thumbs
Needs more kimonos.
B-but the memes when you get intercepted and try to res the next blue bomb.... fine fine, support
21 becoming a lean addict is hella funny fellas
Nah, Melbourn Austria
There are articles?
you mean gorilla
Freddy
Because it's definitely not the case other way around lul
Because corporations show such responsibility with your private information and never try to monetize every single aspect.
According to Jeff, she doesn't need a buff, you just haven't learned how to play her
Well that kind of defeats the whole purpose, doesn't it?
Sister Christian
Maruta is only in charge of the art, everything is written by ONE.
Thank you for stating the obvious, &amp; then being condescending without offering a solution.
HIS COCONUT GUN
I don't understan'd
But she MADE ONE and that makes her so much better than everyone else!
ok.
Yes, there is room for it to spawn stuff, though I had to spend about twenty minutes fine tuning the block placement to get it to work lol
IGN: JaCe Pokemon Deposited: Machop gender of the pokemon: Male level of the pokemon: 11
Pedophilia in the highest circles of government is impossible and has never happened before
Yeah, it's awful what women get away with, men are so vulnerable and victimized.
This ass is so fake though
Username checks out.
Thanks for pointing that out, Tree Killington.
but you know this is just propaganda, because as we all know investigative journalism or respect for journalists does not exist in China
Colombia you say, is Pablo Escobar going to be there ;)
I only watched the World Cup of Hockey for the animations on the boards after games so it bothers me
So Trump is right about Global Warming?
Thanks **2016**!
Conditioner was called Cream Rinse.
Just because the Democrats aren't in power doesn't mean they can't stage terror attacks.
No injuries.
Yea but at least we progressives got to keep our consciences pure by not campaigning for Hillary!
Kwarie Layne A
Hax.exe enabled
Okay now it's a little sus
Be the change you want to see in the world OP.
Holy fuck that was honestly hilarious.
It's on Tidal, did you try googling this first?
Being agender/gender apathetic, I consider all of my attractions gay since I like the term for myself, but it's honestly personal choice
My brother would do this when he was little, except he was small enough to hide in the cupboard to do it.
You could say that, but some players are actually a product of a a coach's system, especially Kawhi Leonard, he is a complete product of a system.
Looks like I'm spending quite a bit of cash on girl group Albums in Jan :) No regrets :p
Relevant username
Yes, because divorce never happens anymore.
Be careful bro, heatwave still costs 30 keys on these communites xD
Name checks out
He was just starting a conversation.
It's a bug, the mayor guy is supposed to knock you back if you try to walk past him yet nothing happens if you do.
Still fake
It's nice to know there were/are no other people (cough subhumans cough) inside that red.
But it's a plant, so it's healthy and pure, right?
Thank you, that's very kind.
I'm sure a decent number of users jumped to the big Pixel.
From what I've read and understood, knowing the pin and putting it on a blank device won't work as the password is pushed through the secure enclave and this needs to match the original device's SE Could be completely wrong thi
M4a4 and galil don't sound crisp at all
Havel is at the bottom with the least votes :c
who the fuck cares
But...but heels can't be high flying
They're going to remove infinites
But, but, it's all about Jesus' love for you!
Lunala best gen 7 legendary confirmed
Are you forgetting that corporations are people?
BEST ACTOR
You forget the better hp/ton ratio it has so it is more mobile.
Maybe try quitting?
What console is that?
It's actually burn it....burn it all.
Cuando tenes auto los gatos vienen solos[ y te dejan huellas por todo el capot los hdp]
Close like his split decision with Gastelum?
Sorry, I forgot NU was the premier competitive format
Spoken like someone with a really lame username.
Ah remember centuries ago when people had the technology that we do that in no way changes how we live in today's society.
This is my first league ever, and I'm 3-0 right now :(
good one.
And of course it's the man who has to work hard....I can tell your mindset is still from back in the day
Same with teslas!
Getting nuked by the enemy team so the tanks can actually deal damage and dont die in the Teamfight.
I can't wait till a year from now when adidas releases a boost version of these and resell skyrockets
yeah, probably.
Yeah he should have just bought a house
yet...
Forgot the
Yes but *Portland* is overcrowded and overpriced...NYC doesn't have the same issues.
Yeah cuz Reddit Gold is such a great source of monetization.
Slasher and John carrying Jkap this past champs
As an American, I can tell you we look down upon you
Nonono... he *shouldn't* beat it.
TIL the President doesn't cast his vote in D.C.
These bugs are just a mindgame.
I actually forgot his name(no need to remember)
Probably trying to sell ED meds or phone sex
Dude Hitler is trump lmao
and Apple stop signing 10.2, 1 second later
Would be better in r/jokes
Where is Lebron on the DPOY list this year?
Cause it sounds cool and foreign and badass
added
It just goes to show that there is too much blue in the area, cementing the argument that Prussia should not be changed to Prussian Blue.
Haha, I wouldn't say that, it was just nice to have someone appreciate me dealing with asshole customers.
Haven't you heard of mental gymnastics?
Repost from a couple months back.
Triggered because somebody at my work threw red peppers at me right as he was quitting.
Then Obama should not be trying to start another Cold War.
Yeah, like that time they did UFC 204 in Manchester!
Didn't Rand have a custom Canadian moose flair for a while?
I didn't even realize I wanted this until you said it
Humblebubdle store has it for 34~ (atleast few days ago)
That takes work on the customers part
Yeah, anyone who complains about genital mutilation is just being dramatic.
Wow, that cut deep bro.
But celebrity deaths!
Yeah but we should totally hire bootcamp grads who are in that "blinded by the few things I do know" phase, because doubling down on man hours to hold their hand is a net positive, right?
Sounds like Nintendo to me
Blank mind while running is the best thing ever
Yes, most men are sex-crazed lunatics who can't have a normal conversation without looking at a woman's breasts.
You forgot this
But that pedestrian almost jumped out at him!
"A fitting username" I was already dying but when I read that it made me die a bit more.
I got better!
Well all of the A-List celebrities *wanted* to come but Trump refused to allow them to make room for more "real Americans".
It does, you just need a gold-fringed flag flown over your vessel.
I think he forgot the
Yes, but she's a stupid 18 year old kid
Wow as fake as those massive destruction weapons that Bush told us about
John Wall and JJ Reddick
Definitely NSFW
Well thank goodness we have a completely unbiased organization like WikiLeaks working for our best interest!
But they're obviously bad people who did something wrong so we shouldn't care about them.
No, y**e**ah man, this looks legit
So "black sprawl" is the problem then?
lol at the dude who put kanye for his favorites
MAKE BREAKFAST GREAT AGAIN
What kind of sandwich?
Oh did you know that Microsoft Edge saves your battery?
Oh sorry
She sexually assaulted you
Based on a weapon I saw someone holding in this trailer Im thinking it might be a bit more explosive
Holy shit how do you even speak with Riot's cock that deep in your throat?
But he saved 10 bucks
That's the future of the Wiz right there
little bit of a dick thing to say
It's not inferior just because it's "the black series" smh check your privilege kiddo
Had me throated in an incident prior...FTW!
My cum box
Advanced Warfare
Better that than having no publicly accessible restrooms at all, which is not uncommon in large cities where people trust others about as far as they can throw them.
Because how else are you supposed to know that you're an idiot, duh?
I don't play aggressive enough, which often leads to my teammates' deaths.
Would you like to hear how you can have a personal relationship with Jesus Christ?
That's great news :D
The first time I seen this was on Family Guy.
What about buttchecks?
"Yeah, please have some respect"-**CM PUNK**
I think the only bug here is the elite barbs stats
God you're dumb.
Oh I thought terrorists were Muslims
Oh let me just make EVERYTHING black, that'll be awesome and original...
Cute!
You guys are dicks
There's Moana right around the corner so it might be months!
Yeah, what a white bitch
I may be remembering wrong, but wasn't the hardest difficulty in KH called Critical?
He's not a rapper, he's an activist
Interesting to see that stoke are also playing 3-4-3.
Yes
LPT: When in an a squad with an inactive leader, "request order" a couple of times and if the leader fails to send out orders the game will make you the squad leader.
Would this be considered brandishing?
I think you dropped this:
winner's edit confirmed
Everyone who wants a job will have a job but he's still RACIST!
"tech horror" seconded
Fun fact the athletes foot and jock itch creams are usually the same formulation and drug but one is usually several dollars more then the others!
Missed the
I HIT THE SHIT KEY TWICE AND NOW IM COVERED IN SHIT.
That's what big dairy wants you to think, wake up sheeple!
r/4HeadCringe
I would definitely take McCoy and D-Williams, toss-up between Toussaint and Zenner, but I'd go with Zenner purely to diversify in case Toussaint doesn't end up seeing too much action
Fake, Hanzo went on the point
Must be because she's a woman
Can't wait for the new naplex to solve all these problems
And just when you thought Smite wasn't snowbally enough
You didn't answer the questions, do/have you?
You live on Capitol Hill too?
but he doesn't even get paid, remember?
Whoops i thought it was the other way around
This has been my exact experience every time I've tried to fly an rc airplane
I was going to say: Skyrim: Special Edition
TIL no hispanics in Texas.
Hey guys, we should tone down the game for the weak tummies!
You've gotta admit though, Skyrim and Skyrim: Special Edition did hold up for a long time
Just FYI "Juicy" by Biggie was referencing the 1993 bombing of the WTC.
He can't collab with himself
Jewish people are so nice.
She got a question before a debate, obviously every question = 3.7 million votes.
I am sure the DNC network infrastructure will turn out to be controversial.
Your parents are probably really proud of you rn
Are you suggesting that the bear can't be ridden for a movement of 400 MP a month?
If only they didn't park right next to the store and didn't do it in such a full lot.
On a side note, I have a couple key date 2000 pandas double sealed for sale for $190 each.
Leibniz Uni?
No spoilers
How about their smell?
Nothing stops terrorist organizations from forming like leaving power vacuums!
Twinblast + Kallari
Jay didn't get shot up like a bitch!
Loving the kingdom hearts poster too!
too soon
Who needs Defense when there is Lifesteal...
I'm going to wait for their tell-all book and subsequent TV series to pass judgement.
I'm surprised no one said Thomas Pawls
A r e y o u t i r e d o f w i n n i n g
like the one for reddit?
Those daily 25 tokens will be sorely missed.
No dude.. You have a public and private position
The guy responding in the image is a liberal too.
Yeah, I mean being a psych professor you're bound to have quite a few girls taking your class I'd assume.
We get it, you go to school
Bc red makes it go faster
Omg, don't make me cry...
Royale Premier League, Clan Royale League, Nova Clan League, Super Magical Cup, ESL, Various Big Supercell Tourneys, Streamer Tourneys (Usually Enchantin)
I have, mine is currently sitting in an Australian post office
Sorry to dissapoint, but that's a really common rim to get (white rarity)
But if they had Fer they would have won
Open them to see if there are any Frank Thomas rookies.
Yeah, just look at how modern mass transportation infrastructure has bankrupted every city that has tried it!
There's always 3 am...... there's always 3 am..... get ready to wake up to some fun shit....
ez 4 EA
father didn't die, he went to orlando to get some cigarettes
You lost that:
YouTube demonetizing videos advertisers don't want to be associated with their brands is LITERALLY 1984.
They played well against lg though lmao
Yeah but... like you're interrupting the EA hate circle-jerk.
Weston Park, across from the children's hospital
damn americans you are scary and somewhat insane LOL
Yolk shell get better at yolks eggventually, they're currently hard boiling.
He only said nothing that would give away any more info.
Rem is best girl.
You guys see a saved cat I see someone wasting a perfectly good *walking shiv*
That was.. dark.
Zobs vs RHP Javy vs LHP
"Creep" is LEterally worse than the n-word.
The game knew that's what you liked...big..white...
Face isnt edited out, it is the pimple.
*
Now that Valve is actually listening things are improving
Does that mean that I have to leave and come back to be eligible?
bang bang shoot shoot
That's a bug that is soon to be fixed.
Yep, would love to see more
Provide the comment you made that got you banned an let's see if it didn't involve personal attacks, vulgarity, or any other slew of banable offenses.
Nuh uh cause RNG removes any skill component duh
You must be new to this forum.
Personally as a Jew I fo
Lmao damn bro I was surprised when my other YouTube channels were mentioned and the cringe part but yeah of course I remember
Erm logo is blurred out and the captors look like typical Syrians, I'm guessing that it is actually a Syrian group and the tweep is lying.
Did you just assume his nationality \#triggered
It means he enjoys having sex without making a commitment.
Think you forgot the
I agree !
I think the screech Cockatoos make is exactly the sound Pterodactyls would have made.
seems legit
omg u haxxxxer
omg its anokuuuuuuuuuu
Flophouses = Flip-Flopping = He's pivoting!
Funny thing is Ronaldo was the top scorer almost the entire last season, until he got injured the last 4 weeks...
They're all racist-sexist-homophobe bigots, of course.
There really is such a thing as a dumb question.
But ping tho...
Fuck off, then.
Yeah he got Bautista to help him out.
SNES should have just thought ahead and put an HDMI input.
Go to r/keto and look at all of those liars losing weight
That it matters.
"Porn" and "More Porn"
Because that kind of operation against the cartels would totally be profitable and not a net loss of money at all.
But who cares cuz did you see Chris brown got arrested again and one of those kardashians has a new make up product out?
Counterintelligence News Network
but they don't get to be on TV so their problems don't exist
Book of Mormon God manages an impressive body count, too.
Victor probably has to read lines or something.
Don't sto thwith circlejerk man!
This is why we need Trump!
It worked out great in Kansas.
Did you win though?
That isn't even a sentence much less a coherant thought.
Looks like someone's in denial
Id love to see a Big Brother of all former Survivor players, and a Survivor of all former Big Brother players
Well everything was going so well then, stores were full of diverse and fresh products, the building were strong and safely made, everyone could travel everywhere and discover how flourishing each part of the Country was...
:(
Every time I have to do anything that requires contact with people outside my immediate family
utorrent 2.2.1 no bloat, no malware, comes with a torrent search
dans a swood dood
Yup
Fiscal innovation?
dude bro canvas will solve everything, no one needs a planner
Based on the latest "State of Design," I think MaRo might agree.
I haven't seen any numbers but I would love to (if they exist).
Right, because a 7 footer who can jump higher than Dwight, has a better finesse game than Cousins, and is comparable in strength to Shaq wouldn't do so well in today's NBA with its dearth of dominant bigs.
It's 'cause we so hawt
I'm thinking I could probably Google it, but can you elaborate on "clean out your system"?
added you my safari is not dragon type but atleast u can get synchronizers from me
Respectfull Americans honoring the fallen you mean
Random Tidbit: My dad said he used to watch Jackie Chan movies when he was in the Vietnam War.
i know what you did last summer, and i know what you did it too
He was pretty good on the trumpet on No Reply at All
Nah man she has a camera AND is using it in public--grade A hipster
i think you forgot the
Yeah, this sounds like it was reported without any anti-cop bias at all.
Oh, you know - people talking about their struggles with depression, makeup tutorials for covering acne, independent left-leaning news channels.. You know, edgy stuff!
Richerland?
Oh I'm sure his teamates must have loved being paired with such a positive guy
Proof that church is a magical place
Didn't take too long have about 44k views now but only about 60 subs, thats what sucks :P
and Sicilian pistachio!
Apple investors want high sales, wow really insightful stuff here, thanks for sharing!
But aren't Americans just super-informed about German politics?
Yeah, fuck the white man, ain't do nuthin good for nobody!
Clearly never been around working dogs
But women are better than men in every way, so give your seats to women, you filthy men.
Pffff... You should always nexus only if at 1 hp or below!
Major damage to your transportation infrastructure.
Yeah, my pokemon card opening days as a kid have fed into my addicted pack opening ways now
how much?
*Airperson*
I'm pretty sure "ignore it and it will go away" is solid life advice for ANY situation!
Well, it's working in Best Korea.
But it has XP in the name!
AMA Request
it's not like he was in a position to do something about it.
This is terribly islamophobic please remove
Because Metroid sells millions of consoles and fuck Nintendo for not giving me exactly what I want
He's doing crossover too
Yeah I'm literally raging over this
He also had an INT or two and everyone here was hype as fuck.
yea we should probably just introduce lodestones while were at it.
That's totally different!
its not feminists who are galaxy ending threat.
I've been waiting for Nevada to get their heads our of their asses... it's about time.
Three huge threads about motion sickness so far but nah, you were right.
Looks like a L2P issue
*Looks like a L2P issue*
Obviously he takes them from the fallen he kills he was a mercenary remember?
nah hes shit m8
This is reddit we can hate on more than one person lol xxxx
"If you vote for me I will do things I should have been doing for over a year on the campaign trail" "She's the best candidate, so transparent, I'm with her"
Did you just assume his sexual orientation?
But it's so unique and quirky and everyone will be social mediaing how cute it is!
Dreamz should deliver one in a soliq...shaquila...shakira
Just because landlines have notoriously bad reception, right?
Even the Ember Island Players did a better job.
People always knock this suggestion down because it's not a perfect solution for EVERYBODY such as those using res, so obviously it wouldn't do ANY good at all.
But everything anti nvidia isn't a shitpost, right?
Yes, people can only care about one thing at a time.
If that kept going I would have watched the whole movie without even realizing it.
BRENDAN!
Maybe it's more Foo Fighters!
Can't wait to sell my fat stakes of Spider Eye Rings B)
My rank is GN3 but I'm easily good enough to be LEM easily so I put that
Is it just me, or is this just advertising
Air Force song
Yeah, because Dave has almost certainly kept himself in fighting shape all these years
I had luck searching Craig's list, got a good quality table and a bunch of balls for only $50.
Obviously so they can regularly make it better for you.
That's really nice!
Outlier.
Dabbing
Luffy who is not on admiral level yet is getting the upper hand on big moms executive , and Jack is sleeping with the fishes after clashing with admirals.Marco on the other hand managed to kick an admiral who possesses the power of light accros marine fold , block akainus attack and take a direct hit from garps fist , borsalinos lasers and still get up like it's fucking nothing.Jozu with his diamond fruit and haki is probably close to invincible and this is just a speculation but could probably win against both jack and cracker as they are using brute force and weapons in combat rather then elemental attacks.We don't know how strong ace is because he got beat by blackbeard who is probably the main antagonist so he has plot armor + his devil fruit is one of the strongest in the series.
You are delusional
If I can use it as a Netflix, YouTube, Twitch receiver on the go and a gaming tool then I will
each central bank will run their own API
If you are a white male dps main, you are worse than hitler
What kinda drugs do they sell?
Also all those incidents and suicides...
Ironically a Muslim man is allowed to marry a not-Muslim girl if she is Christian or a Jew, but their children will be Muslims.
Wasn't it also true Trump brought in a lot of people who have not voted before or have not voted in a long time?
Really can you watch?
It really is, and I hope one day they will be prosecuted in the same way as a real life flasher.
Or a Massive earthquake will level the Metropolis like it just came out of WW2.
My past 20 games are either my team getting shat on or us shitting on others (16-2's etc..)
See there are these things I like to have like privacy and security
I've never had an APU, so I can't judge
Cheating doesn't happen in MM, I'm global and haven't seen a cheater in 8 years of my career in CSGO.
This is all in good fun, but realistically would devolve into witch trials.
0/10 should've emoted
The short clips of gameplay are a good sign, you can see other friendly tanks and other soldiers on the battlefield that aren't main characters, it all seems plausible to happen, not you vs everyone else.
My pick is this.
Plus I think we get a discount
Not so sure about palmer, he is not quite Max chilton level but his is still damn good!
Yeah, they don't want a socialist but they all loves them some socialist programs!
Why is Oregon making uniforms for UC Davis?
I'd have called it chazwozzers
Fuck off
Um, I think you should take some time away from reddit OP.
I think this could potentially be an important one to remember for this thread.
I paid them to be #17 forever - sorry pal.
Hilarious, orginal joke.
Is it written in the redhead handbook that you must wear green?
I'd have to guess he was playing since he was young like many other pro's, otherwise he probably just thought it was the way every cs player played.
When you pull up device manager do you see it listed and enabled?
Someone check for me
de unde?
I'll play if you buy me a copy of GTA V :)
He's got to have something to do after he gets cut
You dropped this:
no, but he knows that they don't work
Nice OC
Man, I love all these game subreddits that are now all exclusively about bashing the game.
Dude might show up somewhere now that it's been proven cod champs isn't rigged
Is that.. Centurion gear?
Actually no Straight males allowed, you bully people.
But who trusts mcdonalds with food allergies, the most famous company for impeccable food hygiene
use blender
Yeah, how about we respond to those conflict of interest issues on election day?
"BLACK black Big Black Cock owned OWNED"
Despite the National Front being primarily funded by Russian banks, I'm certain this course of action is in no way being influenced from the Kremlin.
0-10 the dream
Yeah and the wall blocking off the hill with the huge electricity tower behind it.
I too associate the word "rockers" with 21p.
Didn't they get $350 million dollars?
There was a first one?
With 3 episodes per season?
Punished u/ElderlyPossum
Any game with more than 2-3 presses of the x button is button mashing.
Ain't nobody got time for that.
It would take too much candy
Ummm but that sciencey stuff is just an attempt of the LIEberal left to turn teenagers into heathens nice try
That laugh will make that guy evoke his emotions.
inb4 "rwby is not an anime cause it's not made in japan!!!"
Then live in shame as you wont ever be able to pick chicks up
Yes, using the build in functions of your mobo and RAM voids your warranty.
Alright, but what about your opinion on The Raven?
Yeah, that head monk really deserved it!
Yes because antibiotics are ridiculously expensive, or even new needles
Yea definitely leaving Reddit after the election.
Played with him yesterday, was really bad as Roadhog... smh
Is this really life or have I been transported to an alternative reality where you can game on a Mac.
The true definition of a wet willy
It's like they're assuming my gender
Silly, there is no cure, only a bullet to the face
Just add Pat Price on the team to beat Pat Price.
Aka a "real American"
I don't know about you, but I at least knew the Szemeredi regularity lemma before I even saw it in my undergrad elective graph theory course
I don't think it did.
video starts around 25:06
Outlawing Democrats will.
Just like the humor in the joke.
Thanks a bunch :)
You can, try F2!
Cory you a busta
I have a steelseries one that I like but haven't tried anything else so it's hard to say for sure ...also it doesn't have lights lol
It's a beta chill.
Dude get a life, playing a game for 11 years.
Is she single?
But, they had special training..
I can't wait for the next DLC!
Better get preordering everyone.
maybe (s)he's trying to understand the subtleties of the language (never hurts)
If you use a variant as awakening material, the main astromon will become a variant.
Or putting the paper in up side down.
What's updog?
Ryu op!
To bad they have to go back to school.
CSGO'd
It actually changed a lot of lives
oh, i didnt know the developer wanted me to do the 5 second task of turning off adblock, oh no
Wow - timely and true teachings - guess that means the church is true.
I bet you want PhD and the ray gun mark 2 as well!
total luck fgt gg 2ez
Unfortunately, reddit has taught me that people can be both.
"I have 300 confirmed kills"
I'll give you two guesses, but you're only gonna need one.
Because having ties with two factory teams is not enough...
*raises* *eyebrow*
I could see that, the subways are much farther spread out in Queens.
Trump inbound
At least the waifu in the ad is hot
Go back to playing vidya games, you millennial toddler.
Same with Elway and the Baltimore Colts imo.
Looks like you forgot to read about the "terms and conditions" lol Typical Filipino parents tend to treat their spawns like some walking, breathing, shitting, personal retirement plans Just you wait till you get a wife and paying off your own bills and mortgage lol
All these *tween* giraffes with this fuckin fohawk shit makes me sick
Gotta get rid of the competition.
he paid for that double platnium
If only the homeowners association would let him put bars on the windows!
It's just trying to give you the most accurate information.
Suspicious cropping...
Add Benji to that list.
Yes and Trump is meeting with the Mexican president... So that makes everything said and done before completely irrelevant!
" . "
No chill
Not visual, audio glitch
u dropped this
Hahaha those jokes never get old
Hearthstone PTSD triggered
Lel kys
A bipartisan commission of Democrats and Republicans will determine who earned it.
Because emotions are a sign of weakness and stupidity
Being called a pussy or potentially winning a game/tournament, which results in you winning millions of $$... Hmm, hard choice.
Juzo best waifu
Did you drop this?
Well yeah clearly she's on death's door but is also manipulating the entire media to her benefit whilst organizing murders through the shadowy cabal known as the Clinton Foundation.
You're welcome.
Sure ;)
Yea the ult change made it so you cant chain E-R anymore as it has a fixed travel time and thus can always be flashed.
:) I mean he did only get a lib arts degree, right?
Gotta use that
Multiply that number with 3.5, we have 1.3 billion people in the country.
I would not have a main line bisecting the waiting area and the unloaders.
Your intolerance is showing OP....
To save money of course.
ofc im serious worlds is starting today hahaha
Yeah just quit lifting, you're set.
Just look at his totally normal username though, he doesn't seem like the extreme or paranoid type
That's a surprisingly small salary
I'm sure this is a pure grassroots campaign.
You forgot the
Inb4 #animalabuse
I call bullshit, Tupperware never comes out of the dishwasher dry, and ready to put away.
Trade them to zavala, then Amanda holiday, then cause, then Eris
Don't use UCSC?
Yes, but which side of the issue do you agree with?
Damned cops, always crushing my dreams n' shit
oh I actually forgot about the Big Nation in the HRE bonus, thanks for bringing that up!
"Almost 50" = 49.99999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999 How are you not getting this?
Fair trade
Because pros are stuck in the 1800s and use year that can't be bought off from retailers anymore
And my household is absolutely reaping in the savings from that!
It would be really inefficient (losing a lot of power in the carrier and the unneeded sideband), but yes you could.
I don't think OP intentionally plays with people who are much lower Elo than him for them wins
Very good post Sir.
The fucking lad
Memes have taken over the world
Sad!
One of the bitter jurors from S14 probably
Yeah but everyone knows you can take Karma with you when you die!
Raw Data for the Vive (and hopefully Rift) does support multiplayer, and you can sword fight each other in it in the loading lobby.
I don't believe it this is just some ploy to get my fat ass to work out.
Whatever the fuck I want.
PM'ed.
Nel mio piccolo posso confermare: i bambini hanno bisogno di regole e di genitori che gli tolgano il peso della decisione.
WOW What a revolutionary statement, no one would ever say anything like that.
hey bud u forgot the "20" at the end
Yes, in this instance the phrase "poor kids" was definitely pointing towards their wealth, which directly relates to how much food they eat.
But my tattoo is on my right ribs and when I look in the mirror it's still on my mirror's right ribs from my point of view.
Looking forward to Insurgent bowling for bikers.
It's literally done this since release for me.
I honestly thought that was EU's modified sibyl's sister.
How can you not like this true art you assoholic bich
A bee?
That's because on PS4 you don't have a keyboard.
Remember kids, reddit is a privilege, not a right.
You didn't bring your white pointy hat?
The only solution is to get chubby again and take a proper selfie.
Totally happening.
I am sure the Kingdom of England already had a worldwide empire in the 15th century.
SEC may not have looked great this weekend, but this Mean Seating Chart has reaffirmed my non-biased beliefs that the SEC is the best conference.
The exciting matchup between Texas a&amp;m and prairie view a&amp;m. Should go to 3 overtimes.
Just wait till we take care of Michigan
Ryan Dempster vs Albert Pujols
It matters to you if you're sick of it mate!
The problem is that its not quad stacking, I have a 90% winrate on xing tian in conquest as support I clearly know what I am doing
Same here
HEROES NEVER DIE
If Texas ever goes Blue, lets all have a reddit meet up in Austin and have a liberal orgy.....
Neyland would make for some great car races
"Yeah right that's not really your boyfriend it's just some white knight following you around!"
He has not released a letter from the IRS.
Yea, pretty sure havok will be able to win a ring
But he waited for 7 years so it's alright!
You're depressed because you didn't move your body for the length of an EDM song!
Better than owning a console anyway
I feel like you should be able to sue for stuff like that.
Could be another reason to side with xbox though - the paywall would actually PREVENT excessive trolling due to you having to actually pay for it (yes, this was circumvented and abused, but just sayin)
Maybe it is because of your capslock
Yeah Sony just happens to hate COD and it's playerbase so much that they took PSN offline on purpose
But I thought lone wolf attacks weren't terrorism
Don't forget, Marvel pays John Campea.
Thanks but I'm not really good at talking
b-but bjerg and sven and jensen are basically american now
Hollywood would never screw an honest man or of a couple million dollars.
What is the deal with fancy pink salt?
But insisting someone fix something without offering a solution is one of out greatest past times!
They're following me to work from Richmond obviously
It's a good thing they stated their sexuality because that magically makes their opinion more valid.
Playdoh
Watch the plane containing the flash drive with the MP4 file disappear.
Yes, let's not apply critical thinking when it might offend people.
I'm using the word "he" as a general term for all professional fighters and how people on this sub with little to no martial arts experience are quick to criticize any/all fighters.
Fuck you too!
Yeah, because being top 1% players in both game is not very high at all.
You mean to say there's other formations besides 4-3-3?
Just dupe the fuck out of sugofest man, its not that hard lol
I'll put him over Kobe
What, exactly?
a e s t h e t i c
That's one pretty smart cat.
What CP is just thinking for yourself!
I've never heard this before.
It is, but she didn't mean to
Thanks Kentucky, for re-electing McConnell.
Beamer drivers, amirite?
Indiana, I believe.
Or is that the marine equivalent to leaning their way ?
I guess I don't live in America :( There are no Dunkin Donuts shops around here.
I got mono in middle school, pussy
No, you are an illegal.
The Zombies Anti Cheat came into play.
They typically get massive severance payments too.
But it's hexagonal ice!
literally If what he is saying is true
I think the next step should be reserving the back half of the school shuttles exclusively for black students.
Drunk migrants = even more rapey migrants
I'm going to pick a skin that's basically a bright red/orange outline so I'm easily spotted from far away
no written contract rule that we put in place after the trades that we knew about.
Yes just Americans.
Because copying good ideas is always bad.
I suppose to her they're superpredators.
It's an addon for the map that lets you place glowing markers.
Damn, man, you could probably get a job teaching logic at nice university!
Do as I say; not as I do?
What?
"It's time to move on."
Maybe he thought he was a McChicken
Because they're brown and the Satanic West loves to oppress brown people.
But if you don't comment anything then you have better job security!
Not arguing one way or the other but I just wanted to point out that the headphone jack on the S7 is the most common point of failure and, just in general, waterproof headphone jacks tend to not maintain their seal.
You said most ships in this game are phallic, so i assumed that meant you would shove most ships in this game in your anus.
r/nocontext
Oh, only $159, sounds like a bargain!
Yes, north of portage is frightening.
It is fun and kind of sad to read at the same time... dunno how to express myself any better (about this) :D
No silly, it's "a joke".
Yeah I can't think of anything notable that ever happened that would give people the impression that Germans were prone to yelling about things when they were angry.
No, you're totally wrong, people always get excited about science and rsearch!
That is the grossest thing I've ever seen.
I wasn't aware Bluetooth was a proprietary Apple owned product now
Sprint sucks even where they are headquartered.
yup totally my fault!1!1!111
No man, don't you know, he instantly caused it as soon as he was sworn in.
I think she reacted pretty well
To my knowledge, there isn't a jaywalking law in the UK at all, so that would explain it.
There was a Demexit?
Trius Brut
Physics
But...but they should be free and Apple should swallow the costs of R&amp;D and manufacturing because I am mad about the lack of headphone ports and they should only please me!
NO IT COULD HAVE BEEN FALSE #nevershillart
Our foreign policy should be based off of Command and Conquer.
Fetch.
Get reddit gold.
Totally vindicated.
I love when everyone tells me Sprint sucks, then tell me they can't Yelp something because they're out of data on their Verizon or AT&amp;T plan.
Obvious battlefront reskin amiright
I unsubscribed years ago because I was getting smug mansplaining vibes from him.
Put this on the front page!
Sorry, forgot the
I wasn't a fan of that one :\
Hey as long as he takes care of the drug problem, the economy doesn't really matter
I have these earbuds that are connected by a cable so I can't lose them and as a bonus they have a plug that fits a socket on my phone.
God forbid some inanimate objects be damaged by people trying to guard against their homeland being contaminated.
Dont blow anything up
Adam was so 90 feet tall, don't you dare say different.
no olof, ez nip?
100.00%
the post itself says Riot should do X Stop posting this OP!
get away filthy mundo main, i called champs which need skill
I thought that was a cultural thing, and not something dictated by the Quran?
Nah it'd help, we're a better team without Blake griffin
So the Triangulum galaxy pretty much becomes a moon of the collided ones.
Snapchat
He went to Mexico to talk to illegal immigrants?
They can go to Germany, they are welcomed !
This game is so fucking balanced...
The Clinton's lives will forever be in danger if they do not fulfill their deals Silver or Lead
Surely this article meant to say that it was all Harper's fault, and this was a mistake by the cbc, the pro-liberal propaganda machine.
Yes, we need to take more tips from Vladimir Putin on democracy.
Thank god his watermark is on the images, if someone asks me who the 50th person was to get into the boss arena, i can tell them PLAYtheGAME.
I appreciate their liberal alcohol rules but Vegas isn't my kind of town, personally.
"It didn't make me laugh, needs colour, no light touches, no joy and no one cracked a smile, 3/10 overall too much water"
you could dig with those hips
Ahh yes racism is why she lost.
I too saw the video.
Everyone knows that no one is supposed to get hurt in a revolution!
i bet it was all to blame on people doing the wave.
This x10000 Agents would be a great mechanic if tweaked but in practice they are just obnoxious.
Came on Reddit to post this exact same pic.
Good job, great effort.
And just like the iPhone 7, it doesn't have a 3.5mm audio jack literally unusable!
I've read them both, it wasn't a serious suggestion, but he wrapped up Wheel of Time quite nicely when it was out of control.
Welcome to the land of the free.
Tried to watch season 1, but it is too dark for me
The belief in climate change is the creepy part
So piratebay it is then
if you take away uzi's history and just look at this split... would your opinion of him still be the same?
I mean, the bullet didn't help him live any longer, so ipso facto, he killed him.
How did people ever manage to stay up to date or in touch with people before the internet, I sure wonder!
It's not DRM, it's to make sure you have the latest and greatest.
Because they aren't ashamed.
Reddit definitely has a monopoly on truth.
Good to see Sony throwing money at the important third party exclusives
But I thought not being fun was the problem?
I owe my soul to the company store.
well it's a step in the right direction
This is genius
Good to see Hogan is giving out solid career advice.
Pennywise
because courage like when they got rid of the floppy!
Yes.
Well it clearly shows you that your champion missed on the enemy
How dare he survive birth
Were they the deplorable half, or the non-deplorable half?
You're wrong.
That teemo skin probably could've came sooner during the 2015 all-stars if teemo was voted instead of diana for the skin
Well, from what I have read a Muslim managed to get in
The most appropriate response to the French.
Nice try with the downvotes, Geico.
Wow, you nullified my comment so harshly.
White cops need to have their race mentioned all the time
lmao i'm in a similar boat as well, guess we're both just ugly girls
Come on man, Can't even get a photo to post of Stanley saying this quote?
Pence makes sense
I wouldn't have guessed from your username
No love for Golgari :( Rules are meant to be broken, lawmage!
Playing as the pigeon made this game GOTY for me So much feels
Not old enough yet
Makes people think his trying to be nice, so they don't downvote him
There's this problem of getting shot by the cops if you're not pasty white enough...
So their salads are so healthy they turn you into a woman?
Yeah I can totally see how
Nothing should matter expect that a player is getting violently hit in the head over and over without anything being done to stop it.
So it's effectively accomplished what elderly family members manage in half the time?
Wow, not even first crate
Oh, you feel the pain, the anaesthesiologist just makes you forget it after.
That's because British people aren't attractive
You forgot the
Rip my heart out why don't ya?
I would argue that since it affects everyone, but affects women disproportionately, it is still sexist.
This comment makes me sad with how truthful it really is
Aka Ghetto sled
Ah yes I think he is a financial planner.
yeah it sucks having to listen to Ads for free content
but he's a big and scary QB so he can take it
Italian football...
I love Jack's Abbey beer soap
Thank goodness!
Looks like G is having trouble making weight
Savage.
Aegis ate the body how else do you think she got the Wild Card?
must be Spanish
Until that experience, I had rented from them because I had never had any issues before.
Tarot isn't but *this* is.
True.... But you can always use your tongue later and enjoy delicious jolly ranchers!
Yeah, because ToM is just terrible compared to other scout rifles for sisters.
Ya you'll learn how to gain freelo when you get matched against him as jungler
He would be such an unbiased moderator....
Cuff 'em, boys.
It's a shame, now that you know about ur condishun it's all gonna come back and then some!
7936
They're not white supremacists, they're *white nativists* which is totally different, you know.
Yea, because you know what I always loved about Harley Quinn, she was hilariously funny.
Well thank goodness THAT'S all sorted out now!
Are you really naive/ignorant enough to think that special interest political donations weren't a thing before Citizens United?
Baaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Dude she was also there at the inception of ISIS!
It has very low recoil though, which makes it really easy to get headshots with.
Or put her back against a wall, ensuring that she wouldn't move.
Glad to see that "XD" has now made its way to writing
Then don't join 3 leagues
Slo newbie lfcorp.
The estimate is 3.125%, so it's roughly in that range.
Isn't he supposed to be the one calling the plays this season, though?
You mean Michelle Rodriguez
Why doesn't he have three jobs?
From the WiFi you used to read it?
Ugh, when am I going to get my team-based ringtone...
thor loves fat girls
I'll register it as a trademark asap
No but I don't have any muscle to begin with so I'm just curious what eating a higher amount of protein would do to someone in my situation.
what do you mean by that?
This is also the truth.
Your teammate put a curse on you, coz you didnt pick him up, coz you wanted all the xp for yourself.
I don't see how you could have been late, three seconds isn't a very large amount of time.
Take his coat
pornographic baby
But they disagree with my opinion!
Gimme your account info, I'll send you some funds.
My favorite picture my dad ever took is the Space Needle completely obscured by a streetlight, because it was an angle of Seattle certainly no one had ever photographed before
It's a possible side effect
If you downvote this you're a racist
Can't tell if joking or not without
Hey it takes courage to leave your safe space for 5 min and say something some people disagree with, and if you say otherwise that's hate speech
I'm sure ABS-CBN will start running more news items that are sympathetic to the administration after they've been cut out of the news room entirely.
You fat shaming cis lord, they have a genetic predisposition and a slow metabolism.
Well there's like ten people there so I'm sure one odd comment at book club fueled that search.
They took pictures of all this crap that they did so they could look at it later like porn.
Lance needs another imo
Akira
Oh, haven't you noticed her earpiece?
Indeed, though I only ran into this subreddit *after* reaching a normal BMI, I continue to go here as a reminder of the fat logic stuff I used to make.
Download old app apk and get the bar code.
you should be glad for the opportunity to trade those common blue decals while supporting the game that thinks those are worth real money
they gave him the job of itemizing the reserves, but did not give him the manpower to do it, because seriously who thought he was going to actually do his job?
Or, just get off the subreddit and stop posting this shit
"Are we there soon?"
Man U is the best team ever assembled and sterling is out of form
that was just a typo
This one-eyed weaboo pirate, he sits at the back of the class with his greasy ass hair watching nightcore videos at full screen thinking hes cooler than the rest (of which he is)
And that's not even talking about the horrific class balance and the horrendous lag in bgs.
Yeah I could only imagine how less of savages we were outside the concrete jungle
You're racist only when you're white.
Oh heeeeeey, more katanas... Yaaaaaaaay
Jon Stewart &amp; Steven Colbert, America's most trusted news source.
The Animated Series
Or dead ops arcade Easter egg unsolved?
When it supports your position (like OP) it's climate, when it counters your position, it's weather.
Yea, because you have to tryhard as fuck to leave low-mid diamond as top lcs player
But this one (edited) scene proves its super bad.
Also AA is disabled as can be seen by checking the textures on the edge of the window and lower right panel(and taxiway).
chill dude its a joke
Yah, vote Hillary.
Yeah Formals not aggressive at all
I ordered mine at 3:04 AM EDT, and it's still stuck in processing!
They had to use those Samsung Note 7 batteries somewhere!
It's not about the facts, it's about the TRUTH
nuh uh that's just respectful
That's what they call their dad
She is and is played/portrayed/whatever pornstars do, by Aletta Ocean.
Reddit is a huge fan of people not going to jail for non-violent crimes, EXCEPT if he has a wife and stable job apparently...
lol ya let him just wake up at 30 and try out for a professional sport
No kidding, u/Tunderbar1 either doesn't understand the design of the ad or...
"and when I can't remember"
yeah but they're *high quality* pixels.
S A T I R E
Smart and also not a dude
Unless op is using it in a datacenter the evo should serve him adequately.
Those people with the Trump signs risking people attacking them and damaging their property have more courage than apple ditching the headphone jack
Yeah because humans are all productive 100% of the time
Smh nerd can't even pray flick
This is why they called them "flying circuses."
Mexican with a Jesus tattoo... Didn't see that one coming
can I wear my hawks jersey when we play a central team?
2nd and Girard
12 perkaholics is ok but 20 kill joys OMG!
No, white people had a war and won
It worked for a while, but now I am bored of making meth.
And clearly "rude gestures by some sailors" and "spying on a country" are on the same level
As if male rape is even a thing
I'm sure your college admissions folks take a hard look at these.
You know sometimes it happens that some people are not very attractive if not ugly among the whole world population, it could just be that she was...unattractive
No shame in being child free and loving Disney...
That's because English IS the human capacity for language.
They must be fun at Iftar parties.
A future to believe in...
It's the name for the illustration booklet that comes with the fat pack
Damn, such an advantage..... if you had a few hemo-blasts through-out the game and armor the enemy might as well just give up.
I recommend testing it in a mobo first, sometimes you can get away without all the pins connecting
Tea
Looks like august 26th according to the photo time stamp
Hillary's health is an Alex Jones conspiracy theory!
And Riot would've gotten away with it, if it weren't for you meddling kids!
A toddler's.
Let's just kill every elephant in existence because that would totally solve the entire issue.
Because you can't choose to be Asian, but liking the Cowboys makes you a fucking voluntary idiot that deserves a taint punch.
The polls are the only things that matter to the Clinton Campaign
But everyone knows only pvp matters.
Oh that's an easy fix, just complete the Thorn quest on all three characters.
They should also lock it to 30fps because 60 gives other people an advantage.
How shady!
nah, just a glitch
LEAVE HARAMBE ALONE
What do you mean "brown guys"?
No, but I think they might endorse my decision given the fact that they often agree with my equating of marriage to masochism.
Halo 3 was the Generalized Occupational Aptitude Test?
Edibles.
Those are cats dude.
He's also in good health!
Well my comment would be over used if his title wasn't overused which is overused.
A guy from the Astoria FB group got him and is keeping him safe.
Yes, I'm totally a racist.
Best movie to come from California all summer!
Britain didn't ~~enslave~~ conquer and civilize the seven seas and continents just so you can go off and learn some pansy doorbell speech you bloody heathen!
Baka creative writing ang background, and not much on journalism.
Or probably because this is fake and he is lying
Thank you, hopefully i can continue making these, but I need to get the subscription to AE.
yea, it's for a new hat !
Because everyone that plays league has been playing for at least 3 years
But the cost of living has gone up... why should Riot be expected to pay more?
Thomas Rawls had a broken ankle and torn ligaments :(
Oh sorry, did I forget to mention they're half-Icelandic, half-native Mesoamerican?
Probably because the majority of them are American, so they only think of American culture and history(and by that, I mean exclusively the slave-owning part).
Ahh yes rust is well known for being realistic
Damn my luck.
but caffeine is legal, so it's not a drug, nor is it dangerous
I'm sure these officers *just so happened* to get caught *the very first time* they framed someone.
Hitler haircut
DID
C
A new treasure hunter promo
How much did they cost?
Yikes, I'd hate to see the employee turnover of that store.
you forgot your
Maybe we should ban all military uniforms since they resemble the Nazis
And right wingers only care about them until they're born, everyone has their faults.
Trump wants to bring back waterboarding and "a whole lot more" if he could.
Hell yeah this will help me get that 19th point on my Bismarck captain!
You know... I know you're trying to say something here; but, it's kind of unclear.
pushing my face against my playpen netting and having my parents laugh uproariously.
Dude, if you really want to become a chicken farmer, you'd be better off getting more than two chickens.
Did Hillary say all Trump supporters were bigots?
Damn hippies...
That's imgur, not reddit
These intolerant communal bigots are not allowing our "god given right" to slaughter animals.
Fucking shill
Watch as Miyamoto sells you an iPhone rather than his own company's dedicated handhelds
You forgot the
man the monstercat creative team will do ANYTHING to push a narrative
The Butcher rework is probably their best shot at getting more fresh meat into the game
What makes me call bullshit is that Reuleaux being so clean when he works in a shop
most Chinese people are living in the yellow region that's why rhey're called yellow
"Ha ha ha, Millions would die in a nuclear attack, but at least I get to be the best at my mind numbingly boring MMORPG game"
AJ and Punk have heat?
Nah man that "Let's Get It" condom is great
Worst part is when I read the comments on the EEN Facebook and people are like "well you should expect abuse if you work in a bar, suck it up" Yea because working in a bar means people can have a few drinks and treat you like shit.
Is it possible to re-state that by saying that the government re-pays its debts (bonds) early?
We'll, you can always respawn
I got it for like $30 from CoolStuffInc, which included two expansions.
But the human eye can only.....
What's an 8*?
AZAMI BEST DARK UNIT!
This bullet magnetism is going out of hand
TCM
lmfao 100% worth it
Obviously Target's fault for her hurting herself by picking up a needle in the parking lot left by a drug addict
You don't need to post how to do it for people to end up knowing how, most of the people on reddit already know how to do it, don't need to tell them it works on more than barricades, and since it's the exact same thing, for sure Ubi knows, but I'd understand you if these internet points are more important for you.
Obviously when you bluff and get called you're playing bad cuz....results
Yes, it's 90rpm at every power for everyone, and that's the final word!
I think this confirms that the light in spawn is part of the Easter egg
Such a courageous post!
Right, because you have no control over your height, while you generally have control over your weight... wait...
Die more often?
Never rated him, he was a one goal wonder
Yeah, because there is a player on the planet that can make all of those plays.
But you're *beautiful* just the way you are!
Let's hope they make it PG13 so it can appeal to the kiddos.
But the latest polls show Hillary up by 10.... This can't be right.
Customgrow420
PAY YOUR FUCKING TAXES!
ITT: Lisa, Bears &amp; Love
He said cook, not pickle.
You asking this question.
I really like the Thanatos ultimate landing screechy sound
Yet another proof that Jews did 9/11
Combat Arms and Nexon Zombies (but hey pretty much free cs 1.6 including de_rats)
Boring enough for a 12 year old girl to do drugs and imagine a magical world of oz.
That's totally not why my grandparents had a shotgun wedding.
Still not better than Maradona
After a long night of cocoonin'
Wow, youre so lucky to be able to try it early
But these liberals just want to sit on their butts all day and make the rich people pay for their healthcare!
O Levels for sinkies, something-something for FTs?
Shocking News: Something never seen before - Russia being dicks to neighbours!
Username on the mobile messaging app, LINE...
Judging by the music, I'd say heroin.
NXT, where all the young up and comers in their mid to late thirties go so they are ready for the main roster when they hit forty.
This will be sure to give her that millennial enthusiasm surge she's been hoping for.
Drop them both, they can only go down from here
You can tell by the way it is
I'll take "What is Aleppo" for 500, Alex.
quali donne?
I'm still grumpy about the Zerg campaign being nothing but "undo literally everything you just did in the Terran campaign".
Excellent for all those males who sexually harass me in Apoc.
If you hate it that much, do some work to repeal TABOR which is a stranglehold on CDOTs budget in light of a massively increase in road usage.
10x stop exaggerating man it's actually 9x
I would really like a way to see the liner notes of the albums I listen to--cover art, lyrics, see who produced it, where it was recorded, etc.
Maybe because of the cargo?
That was sooo funny.
Hey, I heard that August is going out with Markus now.
THEY'RE REAL!
See, that's just how conniving and devious CTR is, posting thousands of anti-Clinton shitposts to throw true patriot Trump supporters off the scent.
Some people just don't appreciate the perfect Aryan form apparently.
yeah but ignoring those, though!
So darn pretty
How can I jailbreak?
but.. but... but... it's a Christian school, it cant' be...
Because McDonald's has changed so much in 20 years
I'm afraid to test it, i don't want to short out my motherboard.
We had a hard time beating Southampton and thinking that we can beat PSG easily its plain crazy.
Too bad about the rest of season 2.
Leftovers from Fast And Furious debacle.
Am I too sleep deprived or does he look like a tiny Evan Peters?
I don't think you understand the concept?
Request sent
Behold the American Economic Recovery.
But libertarian conservatives tell me all tax is theft and that "tax avoidance" should have no penalty, you statist.
Suffering in this life means more rewards in the afterlife, this guy did that girl a favor
B-but the tomb is empty!
Wait you should backup your data before doing updates?
yeah, we don't need that useless scientific progress in real world, screw that!
Do you make enough to be their friend?
So did my freedom boner
As if Lycra isn't enough of an eyesore.
Double Jeopardy--can't be convicted twice of the same crime.
Worst things than Voltaire, that for sure!
i remember epi saying it was unlikely however what we can expect is a large data dump of all the values etc
He did but it took only one game from the Browns to dishearten me.
Yep, that completely makes sense.
I guess you wouldn't infer that with an Alabama education.
Well aren't you a debbie downer
Sure, lets get rid of the only surefire anti-roamer gear we have for the strongest roamer.
Thanks for your wonderful help in clearing up this breakdown of communication
I think you mean more power = more heat.
Time to upgrade to the iphone 7, OP!
Remember, on r/wowservers, Blizzard is the true enemy.
nononono God SKYTTEN :D
Good thing this websites doesn't have 13 layers of nonsense blocking me from watching the video on mobile
Sure, let me Google that for you.
Rondo is a dirty stat padder anyone would be able to get the amount of assists he gets if they hog the ball like him
The picture or the phone?
They're guaranteed three losses at home.
Ben Folds Five thousand.
Yeah except sharks are the kind of mammal with cold blood and gills.
^H 2 ^O
why?
Smh waiting until dalvin cook is gone
Twitch clips is slower for me than oddshot on mobile
It's much safer to attack white people, because attackers is totally not racist this way
Yeah and if you do a crime one time, you should be in jail for a life time right?
This is madness!
Eh hem "Overly nourished"
Nah, the police just make it up.
Nou nou nou, ik heb een che guevara t-shirt dus ik denk dat ik heus wel weet wat er in de wereld speelt hoor!
dead out the inside
In glorious san francisco, where the real trainers live
Oh well that's fine then, carry on!
wth are up with those future skill themes they all seem stupid imo
But...Can it run Crysis?
That doesn't describe every porn star ever.
Not only does little Baron know about computers, but he even *has* computers, plural.
Well we're not seeing any example of your kickoffs, so that may really be luck only.
In today's society of instant gratification, if they can't get it right on the first try then the idea clearly must be scrapped
U dropped this
The cascadia subduction zone is a *great* place to stash a bunch of nukes
Make *gaming* great again
That's why you just give them a fake sample from the start, then you can shit without worry.
I really like how this article represented the views of the workers.
Thank you largepenislover
Because people love captcha
Probably did from fake college.
Because throwing thousands of dollars at the game will make you better than someone who has spent $0.
Just my average saturday night bro
If people can get paid to post on Reddit, why not write articles for Vox?
Found the KGB cyber operative
That is what fog lights are for on your car, right?
Maybe it gets hot?
"Great for 4k" at that cinematic 24 fps
Nah, have space for another tiny box of raisins though
Oh well then that makes is better, never mind.
Yeah fuck the haters!
Added u
Except the investigation is over.
You sound butthurt
Oh, then it must be true.
Good to know, you can expect it in a month a half, as that is when it will be my turn.
100% or gtfo
Anyone for a tank battle?
Probably those pesky Ruskies.
I should have clarified...
good, you're prolly from sf anyways.
No they're calling the part of the bill where they can come take your guns in the night the Santa Clause.
Well, I had hoped that would include a brief explanation of how you think it is instead.
Appreciate the well thought out comment, compared to all the other BS usually posted around here.
It's going to be 5 days, unfortunately.
Yes, because the one drops from dark peddler are just so horrible.
Why would you openly admit to bestiality?
Need those H Cup jiggle physics pls Epic.
That's just silly.
Hey let's show empathy to the man who wants to rape somebody's young daughter guys!
Are you sure you didn't end up at a Kanye show or Trump Rally?
big if true
There is a Toronto BLM, they mostly just disrupt traffic and the pride parade, doing real important work
You remember the difference because he's your Pal!
Society has conditioned me to not acknowledge them
Because if you don't understand it, that choice is so easy!
I guess I should have included
Wait, I thought stuff like this only happened on console?
Hey, just let the console kids have something for once.
Whole time I played that game I was wishing I had decided to save my money and play through RE4 again.
If the NX isn't an 8K 120fps console that can support up to 16 unique users at the same time across 16 different gamepads with dual gtx titans each i'm gonna be rather upset
Yes
They dem raped our mouuuutthhhssss and took our jeeerrrrrbbbbs!
It's the most accurate boat oar I've ever used!
more like rank
Hillary's fans would vote for her even if they found out that she (fill in the blank with just about anything)
...but tertiary.
Call the police, there's a flasher!
So...if climate change is racist because it disproportionately affects poorer PoC in places like Africa....then wouldn't the European slave trade to north and south america have actually been a humanitarian relief mission?
Well, if a white person gets offended by someone being racist towards them, they're obviously white nationalists
Decker.
The other side odd the tomato must have the most hideous bruise.
Can confirm, am in the Transformers fandom
NONTRADITIONAL MULTIPLAYER CONFIRMED
[](/phweet) May I point out that you're currently acting with disrespect to same-species relationships?
But sometimes the joke is past commonsense and you don't want to give the wrong ideas.
I am never eating eggs *again*
yeah the new meme is "spam kappa in the chat"
good thing you haven't been asked to blow because 1 glass of wine = 1 bottle of beer not 2
Forgot the
I believe the EE song "Archangel" on Origins had a similar lyric top this
Yes, I'm sure a Hannity debate would be the pinnacle of unbiased moderation.
Maybe a BLM member complained it was racist that blacks weren't being shown enough on pokestops.
IIRC there's a part where a person falls into the meat grinder, but they just keep going, business as usual.
Because when I said we should reconsider jailing them, that means I think they shouldn't be punished.
Yes yes more esports on the frontpage
Yeah because those Fortune 500 companies really need those audits every year or their operations would just fall apart.
When ur meme hits too close to home
NOOO that's totally a myth!
On the upside at least she's living the dream!
ok thnx
No, he's THAT rare.
No but you see, they bombed Israel's open field so the obvious solution to this horrendous act of sick violence is to bomb the gaza strip until it's nothing but rubble
Yeah that's the Orphan Black cast.
I should have the right to use morphine on my own body without the government's invovlement
Is there an argument happening in not aware of?
Fabricville has made a lot of enemies - people lost their livelihoods when they started to dominate the drapes business
"DLC 5 has been announced as a PS4 exclusive
Check the flair, he's an Edwards fan
I would say Renegades and Immortals is better than Liquid and TSM at this point in time.
Downvoted because you mentioned CoD.
They should be tradable after 7 days, same as on pc, but the timer doesn't seem to show up.
Way to assume the gender of a rock.
So we allow meta posts now?
Isn't it this famous 'local news'?
Churches use little kids for all kinds of things these days, much of which involves "receiving" apparently.
TIL there are other lines than "Let's get (retarded|it started) in (something) Let's get (retarded|it started) in here"
Why'd you take it down, this looks awesome!
Trump talked about the idea of having a debate without a moderator
On the steam page of the game, it states that if you pre-ordered the game, you'd get the early-tipoff edition.
I guess we should just go back to bitching about arty, mm, RNG, etc, instead of having fun with game mode that celebrates the 100th anniversary of the Mark 1
Revine parteneriatul cu RATB, deci metroul va fi gratis transportul pentru toata lumea!
Anal sex is ruining the North Queensland economy, that's why they want to split off into their own state.
But if your neighbours get gay-married it brings down the value of all the marriages in the neighbourhood.
Did she name her knife Saika by any chance?
Just pull yourself by your bootstraps you lazy fuck
How is this a fun fact?
Given how expensive vegetables are around here, consuming more of them is like going from employment to being unemployed, money-wise.
They blocked trainers in fut champions
Look all these deplorable racists and uncle toms
Because we're bordering the butthurt belt of Europe, of course!
Nope
Bet that's where the idea came from
Doesn't mention quantum mechanics, so maybe this *did* happen.
Like all the delicious Great Value brand foods!
Maybe try using ultron browser to browse 4chan?
did you try re installing the drivers for HID webcam?
He's right, I learned it from God at Sunday Bloody Sunday School
I don't follow football enough to get into strategic details, but is it just that they didn't want to go for sacks/hits, miss, and then be trying to chase a QB with speed?
And exotics from Xur should have a different colour so we know who to kick...
Yeah they really helped out Haiti.
Beating Skolas post-elemental damage nerf is one of the things I'm most proud of in any game.
What is your aversion against using NFS?
no
Hey, are you talking shit about our troops?
Stimpistol OP!
Or Drugs and booze, because that's all poor people want, hence why they're poor in the first place!
Maybe you should stop commenting on the subject as well?
The sub is so much better now!
You don't really want your madness enablers to cost 4... Otherwise [[nahiri's wrath]] (that costs less) would see much more play
Fuckin mark.
yay more Tibia Coin only outfits
You're totally right... All dildos ever are huge and everyone has them.
yeah by an amazing 0.020, he's fucking obliterating ric here!
Don't you know his hotel is part of his policy to make America Great Again?
just give it a overclock and it should be fine!
IoBit Gamebooster
It's ironic you'd say this since Faceits custom SMAC has the best anti-esp out of every AC :D Their AC isn't as good as ESEA (obvs) or even cevo, but their anti-esp is pretty nutty.
If your problem is not enough time has passed, then that's pretty easily solved.
Seems like the right thing to do if they are sharing a plane.
Trump voters are known for their high level of *Enquirer*-y.
I too have always been concerned about how the DNS servers will map strings of characters to IP addresses without the first amendment governing them.
Don't screw this up Congdon!
That headline is an extremely great play on words
Yeah man, AJ Styles' music is so weird, what are people gonna think of you when they see you listening to such loser nerd weird shit
It doesn't last long but I don't believe this is the question you wished to ask.
You didn't know that Swedes are better than everyone?
What about one where you can breed dragons?
WHY MY PENIS IS SO BIGGG.
You forgot this:
Never saw that coming...
Go to the gym with her.
Me too
second one and the last one are the best imo
Yeah because Israel has always said Arabs don't have the right to their own state
But corporations and their political puppets want it and that's way more important than the ecological stability of the country and the planet.
im fucking rich
Jatt because I'm in an interview with Riot games for their casting position.
Everyone supporting Hillary - whether in fear of a Trump presidency or not - would be tagged, duuuuh
If I have learned anything because you have a cold you will be dead by the end of the day or you are already dead and your body double is now posting for you.
Is atheist a protected class?
Honestly, I'd say super hero movies.
Hey, i actually ended up trying that sys def and it still didnt work :( only getting a new graphics card did
The only good bear is the white bear.
No he just didn't have access to internet for a few days
Milo is brilliantly aligning the furries with the alt-right
Too bad they send their murderers and rapists...
Well then you mustn't be a *real* christian...
Joystick master race
*Sigh,* that's why you need to use *organic* raw milk.
Sarcasm is difficult to read on the internet, usually people use
Wow, he's good!
I fucking despise French players, they ruin every game
No, i wuz born in le wrong generation
I'll think you'll find the term is African-American.
So hippie drum circles are just even more whites culturally appropriating black culture.
Hey it's okay they were rained on by debris and body bits coz Trump "screwed" him on the deal...right guys?
100w is a measurement of power, it takes volts to jump a gap.
Apparently my understand was incorrect so I think we're all good with McRae still.
do you not like server hoping in vineyards?
Is he psychic or are they just that predictable?
Loving this West Ham implosion
Yeah, because a presidential candidate doing business with a dictator and terrorism sponsor isn't relevant at all.
Oh but didn't you know Haggis is the *best* at everything?
This gives me good hope that if my Elite controller breaks the Austin store may replace mine.
Thought it was Lisp for a second there with the amount of parentheses it has.
let me take a second to tell you about oz
Well, it hasn't been updated in like 4 months, so... sorry.
he probably forgot the
Well you know it is gonna look so sexy fine once you get it on after almost breaking the seams though!
why are you talking bout you can't be racist towards white people
For fuck's sake, is there any possible way that you suck Rito's dick any harder?
Self boosting obviously has no impact on the game.
Shuji decides to go hunting
Yeah, I'm sure Trump is the only candidate in history to pay attention to what the media is saying about him.
oh god it was at 47.4% yesterday and it's going down it's all over everybody hurry become a #hillmissile
Right, surprise non-consensual digital penetration is always the way to go
Yet another reason I will never eat crab, chicken or tuna salad, ever.
Ok, the nursing home is only a hop, skip and a jump away
Yeah I'll get right on that
Why would they want women to feel like they are in power of their own bodies?
Yeah, people with cats sure are toxic!
Ok give me a sec, best out of 5.
It's clearly the more reasonable explanation...
Your 980ti should push 108p
Screenshot?
This should work... You will have 2 ex boyfriends.
Yeah fuck all the people just doing their jobs.
I will say that this pic was already used there about a year ago.
Bruh, Darrem Charles is 100% natty and placed 5th in the classic physique division, clearly Jeff has been slacking in his prep.
There are huge chunks of the programming profession missing from that list.
it's science
Much better.
What could go wrong?
this is **not** the place to advertise a server (see rule 1), go to r/mcservers instead Also great copycat of the **real** anarchy server
Please tell me what other requirements there are to your rubric so that I can go investigate and send you my research.
He's a sneaky Jew.
"Hey, I appreciate the attempt to socialize and make new friends, but I'm just not interested... it's not you, it's me, really..." How do I phrase this in a way that doesn't offend the other person?
There was a blimp in the east bay floating around 880 around 4pm too.
But remember how Texas is the only team to lead the big 12?
Did you try installing the extension for that language?
Yeah, but you also like Dan Electros, so you clearly have terrible taste.
I mean if you get critted 3 times in a row you better believe I'm taking the lucky feat
You get 1 stack of 100 for $8.99, not 1 note for $8.99.
Great comments in here.
3 devices stacked on top of each other, I'm having a panic attack I need fresh air.
I'm hoping this becomes FP and causes an Internet-wide crisis.
Added :)
Fucking Buddhist go at it again!
You forgot the
Not on Netflix...
Anyone with sense knows it's not the fall, it's the sudden impact that kills.
The clock's ticking I just count the hours?
Because only fucking white males commit mass shootings right?
Have you tried using the EDL method to flash recovery instead?
A 1 Mana 1/2 with Spell Damage is never going to get printed it's absurdly overpowered.
If you have to describe it, it's not good design.
I don't think so Tim
Global warming is the main thing to be concerned about.
I forgot the
Couldn't he be looking straight at the door when you came out ?
Especially if you only slept six hours in the last week
if you go slow enough any move is safe!
How would anyone know with the towel there?
...Homestuck?
To be fair though, as a fellow UCSD student, UCSD is pretty great for CS.
I didn't know that Flevoland was bigger in 1864 then it is now.
Ofc
You forgot this...
The format is very diverse - there are lots of ways to die before your 4th turn
It's also possible they're working on a HEV Suit case.
Go back to Minecraft.
For sure!
They put him in the AHL his first season but at the start of the second season he is 87 overall
Honestly I look at some of those pictures of Stein rallies and see way more of the older hippie type than millenial leftists.
The best music forum
Well to be fair, AIE2:KR was a hell of a game.......
But the players don't care about this gimmick tournament.
I'm not saying their advertising wasn't effective...
its funny because black
Ha Those darned blacks are sure missing out lol
* Added fire extinguishers to extinguish when shot at because afterburn is way too effective already
Yes, it should be 3.1 million... They are trying to rip you off!
Kaari Lord obviously
Maybe we plan to put up another 22 in the fourth like last game?
Sure sign of insecurity.
Hey we didn't lose as bad as the Bucs!
See, you don't get it, 9/11 was an inside job, not a terrorist attack.
I know right, how dare he play with anything but ULTRA
cops doing unlawful things what a surprise.
Yeah we never get called ever!
Learn how to screen cap
It's a good idea to keep your options open by also fucking up the opposing QB with illegal hits
Go code the game for valve and you sound like you can fix everything for them
Best buy card will let you finance it............
The fuck is with that editors note?
I don't foresee any political backlash from this at all.
Thats only a year old.
Just use Bluetooth you fucking caveman.
But you described everything leading up 'til Thanksgiving.
Where do you get your blank caps?
only brown people can be terrorists, theyre the baddies US gov is the good guys silly goose obs
Yeah its totally justified to add someone and tell them to go kill themselves, they should just get thicker skin
How dare you discredit _SKY DAD_'s love of sports!
Yay for ruining historical items!
Should of played as Knuckles!
I don't hate money but doubt I'll go sli 1080
According to Citizens United, they are people too.
..wake me up once they support Vulkan and ported Elite over to something more free than Windows and Mac.
Greedy natives, coming to our country, trying to take our land and sell it back to us!
Runeforged Hammer could finally find a home
Dude....electronic pull tabs paid for most of it.
It's a problem we might catch more people?
Damn, you must be at least a level 12 by now
You forgot the
Either way, if Luke COULD read it, his wife should watch out when he gets home.
And maybe I should hydraulicly press them
Am I the only one who clearly spots the desperate attempt from Disaster and Pantsu to get people to come to their server, you've finally started putting it in the title and being more clear about it but holy shit, if you're so bored with each other stop posting shit titled like ''SO MUCH FUN PVP", "THERE'S TOO MUCH FUN"
Past their prime.
So scared right now
Plus, I hear it's DOA's farewell tour.
*Obviously* they're moving their operations to Middle Eastern countries since those are going to be Europe's overlords soon anyway.
kinda hard for it to be media bias when you live across the street and witness it with your own eyes...
Thanks, I couldn't tell.
Maybe the m1911
Well thank the Goddess it wasn't a Catholic Priest!
Suspicious cropping
But that would be rape.
Got to disagree with you man, for example I don't want to catch anyone wearing this undercover collab unless they support anarchy 100%.
Great input
That and adorning his wife in diamonds.
They must be airing deleted scenes that kept it clean for the kids
We made it
I mean it's working for RAW right?
So action packed with so few turns, I swear TPang has to be IGE-ing some of these wars because they're too fucking good
Afghanistan clearly had a stray missile cruiser with nuke in the ocean.
Utterly unusable!
Do this in the local park and enjoy all the junkie syringes...
Because at the time he won worlds Ali was a) permabanned (literally, like 96% ban rate) and b) was a meta Top pick
Dude, exercising is serious.
You'd need a 1500W PSU.
The pokemon anime is still going?
no man he took the hard road
Yeah but if you take away those 4 +15 yard rushes, he's garbage.
Not working on my 6s, only with with 3D Touch.
I always sit in my car for 10 minutes before entering the store and making a purchase.
We know this because of all the grand slams he's hit so far.
i should have included a
There's no bubble in municipal bonds.
Cocaine is a hell of a drug.
Level 3 handing traffic off as soon as it can instead of taking it as far as it can over it's own network....NEVER
Well their money is still good.
Wow she ages fast I went from 14 to 15
But don't you know that pre-civil rights era republicans were the tolerant ones so people supporting democrats are literally KKK?
Wikipedia agrees with you :)
I believe Nvidia only offers support for duel SLI.
Arch for euphoric lefties and Gentoo for glorious Conservatives
I am Australian, can confirm, been playing all day
Apparently you got the only box without the free adapter.
Yeah, Garay, Nani, and Mangala aren't Mendes' boys
rebels not terrorists
Oh good, a giant company has control over a renewable energy source!
Just like the rushed updates that broke people's games early on, Nvidia FLEX, Resistances and countless other updates!
Buy a ton of weapon parts from banshee or shiro, that seems to work well
Boy you sure showed him, didn't you.
#jiggshate
If you had the chance for a penta before ending a sure won game wouldn't you at least try?
no bryce harper is
Isn't that part of these games?
Wow so relatable and charming maybe I'll vote for her after all!
Reported for unsportsmanlike conduct you afk crate farmer!
I think you dropped this:
Now why would I ever need to move a cable, it's not like it is a developmental lab or anything....
Never mind the lifelong trauma it causes because every child remembers it.
A super team has 3 guys and a drunk girl who consents
He probably is also very proud of himself for standing up for his beliefs in the face of "persecution".
my coworker has one and yes we all do love it.
Melee Sheik's down-b
For science
And it's a 1-2 finish for Mercedes
Off course you didn't, we believe in fair battle.
If I'm failing one class, I might as well fail all of my classes because it doesn't matter, I'm already not passing one class.
No what you talking about fam, the Chainsmokers are setting the trend, now people are copying THEM, only Drake and Bieber can hold a candle to their accomplishments...
glad to have you here
Doesn't matter, mentioned Tebow
Would be better if you said $999,999.25 instead or 999,999 dollars and 25 cents
SICK
Get out of here with your "judging people by their ideas and motives" let me sympathize with anyone I deem a minority no matter what they believe or how they treat people.
Well duh, only white people are evil.
+1 indeed
Oh no what if you were talking to another boy!
Holy shit
ELI5: How do FPS counters work?
Way to spoil their big announcement
Not in the videos I watch.....
What is "home call"?
Not enough wickedness to stamp out!
You forgot to mention birth control.
Maybe because it's a 14 year old game that on release got something like 7-8/10 scores and has metascore of 74.
Oh but but but that doesn't mean you're not an iPhone fanboy.
Anything not required to live is a waste of money.
Yes, because me struggling to stand straight, giggling uncontrollably and worrying why this bin bag not breathing is 'reality'.
But Hillary helps treat AIDS patients, so they're about equal.
What's the melt value on those?
You warlocks are always complaining about something!
Yeah I heard Blizzard already had troubles releasing Kael'thas because he shoots fireballs just like Mario
That's because 81% of Americans are Anti-Semitic Neo Nazis.
The line is long because women have to take the time to count out the quarters and dimes that they've scraped together instead of pulling out a fancy credit card like the cis white scum
Pleb
Dude, its just a joke jesus, live a little!
Bald, wear sleeves, and dunk
Ah hair in a bun - must be a girl
Nah, BVG about to get a contract extension
is it jensen?
Dog: "I hope I live to see the day my human gets married"
He should have just cooperated hurr hurr hurr
Not your personal army.
Oh hell no.
Because they are only the best and greatest websites, right?
Russel Wilson?
Nikon.
But I thought you only posted negative things about Fitz!
True Neutral
The instructions were absolute shit, but the finished product looked amazing after the hour long struggle.
You're telling me.
but he didn't raise our taxes!
Multi-level-marketing schemes.
Irrelevant!
"That's good business."
Must be true.
If you don't snap your flip-phone in half after every phone conversation, why have a flip-phone?
Yeah, too soon!
I think you meant the French.
well, he knows first hand!
"But it doesn't count if it's not miiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiine!"
0.05 (so winter 2016)
But definitely not Bush or Regan.
You've got a separate, meat free grill for my vegan tofu and black bean burgers, right?
This is what I remember as well.
Damn censorship
All projects will require 23c doffs.
100% dead or paid off before he can testify.
But just think man, if every clipper card was running a bitcoin miner we could solve the debt crisis in a year!
70% into rainbow six siege with extremely slow internet.
That's very Christian of him.
If we can say that chabolah is the best thing ever in 30 ish minutes against a ten man side then I think we can do just about anything.
It's a close one
That's sounds like acceptable behavior in a developed country.
just ```pacaur -Syu --devel --noconfirm``` it.
In a free market, an honest superbank would spring up to defeat Wells Fargo with the power of ethics.
#EDELMAN LIGHTS IT THE FUCK UP AS QB
Tbf i cringe when someone refers to a woman as a female
DANK NEW MEEMEES RIGHT HERE
I think he got bored so he hacked the game for crates and gems
Warrior - Defiance
We Brits LOVE listening to experts on important issues
It was in Alaska, that place is sooo expensive
I'll give you 100m if you figure it out
I agree, isn't it retarded to work for something that's BiS
...triggered
r/outside
Why are we not funding this?
[wheatley]
it's a fanfiction so it's cancer
Except the mafia doesn't just rob everyone, it is a crime organization, maybe protecting the jungle camps is a front for his weed selling business
I didn't compile a list while leveling my kfm but they give a bunch of elements, breakthrough materials, weapon chests, hm keys and even all the accessories from ToE.
*She's not educated and she doesn't know the big words, but she's got her heart in the right place and wants what is best for Australia, and that's why I support her*
Likely, but it would be incredible if it wasn't
isn't a prerequisite for management to not have a conscience in the first place?
you forgot the
omg being a youtube hero sounds sooo much better than being a club penguin spy.
True, they have pretty solid laners across the board actually
By not calling them women you're assuming they're not women you sexist pig.
ITS JUST A PRANK BRO!
Belasting afschaffen en iedereen een basisloon
How much for the GT?
The obvious answer is sexism
To goddamned liberal welfare recipients, obviously
But you should down vote them, as they don't add anything to the discussion.
It's the Caitlyn Jenner of drinks.
Gotta make you feel safe.
The pinnacle of martial arts.
Nice choice of font for the tutorial
This is an early 2000 DaimlerChrysler car so technically it can use the badge.
Weird I got 60FPS on 2560x1440p with Gsync and I have the "unlimited" FPS turned on.
Well they did say a snake did it, so it checks out...
Yeah its super annoying you cant just play from a local directory on your system.
I'm sure she's very sorry for confusing you.
r/threadkillers
beautiful
Yeah, it isn't like people can learn about things that happened before they discovered something - I mean, I was born after WWII so there is literally no possible way I could ever learn anything about it
Never put your dick in crazy.
You'll be listening to the same stuff for the rest of your life, waiting for that album
Yeah, who cares if it is only some people getting their rights taken away.
It's not free speech if I can't destroy your life with it and show everybody how much of a hero I am while censoring all criticism.
Also happened in a gun-free zone, which it turns out may not make it a violence-free zone.
For anyone curiois, this is actually what happened to a smart car in a crash test where it was rammed into a brick wall at 100mph.
Deal 5 damage summon a 2/4 and a 5/4 with taunt doesn't do shit when you're behind
Guys, have you actually considered Tokyo Machine might be a second alias for DJ Monster Cat?
You should have taken her to see Gone Girl
the Dons is my league if you wanna join
It's hard being a genius.
All the addicts will eventually overdose and then we will no longer have an addict problem!
"WHAT CAN THE GAME HOPE FOR, IF NOT THE CARE OF THE PERFECT ALL-AROUND PLAYER"
Yeah, screw the kid right?
And in other news USA hockey federation said they would take Lombardi over any other GM because his recent track record of proof his teams can win
No it's not, the scientists got jealous of the movie so they copied it.
...should I tell him?
Awesome, thanks!
The money has to travel further
Pretty sure it's the last one.
I didn't really feel the song for this lipsync...but Detox slayed it.
id?
i didnt know dwight schrute played overwatch
Yes, it's missing a B in front of ERNIE
You dropped this
Trump is strong for dodging that debate but Hillary is scared and weak.
Nah dude cyber dark impact style placement support is next
Because ppl wil b sad if ppl dont agree wit dem ;(
Cause you're a nazi mod?
How many upgrade points does this upgrade cost?
I think he just forgot to add the
its obviously the reptiles.
Beating up white people equals solving racism obviously.
Titan dies to the Gearhulk though.
Just wear your Diego Costa shirt and they will accept you as one of their own.
The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants Thomas Jefferson its your right to shoot at government forces that is killing its own people
Sure.. with such an important issue you would certanily expect them to respond immediately...
That sounds like something someone who was getting payed to meme would say
You forgot Nox.
it pays out making education expensive and unavailable for half of the people
Size?
Wait what NA is the only region in the world
fucking hippies screwed up this country in 68... once is enough.
Thank you for all those sources...
Someone's got bush envy..... :)
TIL artists aren't really people.
Born in California actually.
It doesn't really count because Congress didn't declare we are at War.
But bro Ronda Rousey could beat Cain Velasquez
This means she will now be open and transparent.
Bought a handful of 11/18 --- 18.00 calls on this... Here we go negras
Because he doesn't kiss the ring of Hillary, so he must be a nazi
*Puninsula
In the US if youre white you can shoot any minority you feel might be acting threatening towards you or any other white person.
Sounds Fun!
As the president and founder of car pissing united and author of "Car pissing done correctly", I find it abominable how how vice chairman here is seen having to defend his right to piss on his vehicle.
The dog you fool, can't you read?
I smoke two blunts before I smoke two blunts, then I smoke two more.
I have a 500GB Samsung Evo
Preach it!
Enjoi it
CCP owned media, that's just what Hong Kong needs
Who needs pedestrian things like cleanser and actual skincare products when you have drugstore BB cream?
But guys, just think this team could be in the playoffs without Soria
Meeeh, nothing great!
Discord is a pretty good forum for this type of goal imo
Woah there, you guys don't understand, what he ACTUALLY means is that they will love him because he will make it super easy and cheap for them to switch to renewables.
yes m9 moses is only SLIGHTLY above average when it comes to blue % on a ch m9)))^ ^ ^
No period at the end just means she is pregnant.
Remember folks, you can't be racist to white people
She was born in Germany, like Obama was born in Kenya!
Did you just assume its gender?
Yeah I find the term "fake woman" goes down a lot better.
It doesn't for me... Am I doing something wrong?
But that was to protest evil evil taxes, not something trivial like extra judical killings.
He drinks too much and ends up spewing nonsense.
does anyone know when these skins are releasing?
It's me!
According to Chael Sonnen (who claims to have text Punk on a daily basis since his fight) he was back in the gym the following Monday, but he's not sure whether that was to support his team-mates or to actually train.
We're talking what-if-something-got-done situations, so i kinda assume french gov would have a place these people would get relocated to.
I'm sure 'CuckzBTFO' has some very interesting and nuanced views on gender equality
He was totally gassed, bro, otherwise that shit would have been a 60 hit combo.
How much money did you earn the charity for shaving?
you can drive at 16, but there is a limit when it comes to engine power etc.
Still don't understand how you could have rejected him with that killer opening though
Yay, Gary and Verne!
Oh okay then it's totally fine!
All you have to do is work harder you lazy bum
+12% agi is what WW needed
that guy has no beard how is he a virgin
well yes but those are cheaty pow lifting good morning squats
powerlifters are just doing weightlifting assistance exercises anyway
No place is safe eh?
When are we gonna get a 99% discount on the Buzzard?
we should probably ban those same shitty kids from getting their license at 16 and smashing their car while texting into the rest of us adults too
Yeah that will sell lots of ads in the Isthmus!
I think you're defending him because of your username
this'll get removed ez
Call them like they are: Horse Nazis.
You forgot cunning and cold
Corbyn has never said "kill all arabs" in a speech so he is obviously an anti-semetic nazi.
Welp, he paid you a compliment, guess it's time for the sex now!
Probably because spotless holds a seating capacity of 20.
No, Eldar are cancer they literally never lose and it's impossible to get a kill as Orks
Shut up, this game is broken and I have to tell the world
God why not just pour some brine in while you're at it or go the whole way and just have a martini
Definitely the boring centrist politician.
Pros don't cheat
You already know the answer to that question.
Nooo but its part of their religion, so if you say something bad about it, you're racist.
What kind of thong is this and where do I buy one?
Here yes, you can say it, but outside of the subreddit, saying that is a straight invitation for peasants to flame you.
$300M more to break even.
One Piece is too
Wow, I bet your kids have an intact sense of childlike wonder.
I dont even know :S meme too strong?
Si tu ne vote pas, tu vote FN.
Once again, the US school system focusing on really important things.
Hey, does it remove email address of VERY VIP person?
You're just not high class enough to understand.
THATS JUST WHAT THEY WANT YOU TO BELIEVE
Gotta fill that gender wage gap somehow.
You dropped the
Yeah, because I'm *totally* gonna call a group of people who live somewhere else superior to me.
I can't imagine why ND would have problems with that.
Thank you for your valuable input.
Corn is the only thing that you should come out the same way it came in.
Some internet guy talking BS
As is your retort.
You didn't heard his confession in court?
Musescore
who would've thought that a big company could ever take advantage of people like that...
#re-postalert
Yeah seriously, you can't expect a competitive environment when you play paid third party.
She'll probs drop her new album on October 21st.
Nah, they have to throw out those leftover oreos because they're stale.
How long do you spend in the shower?
Well if it's clearly not working out between them, it's the only logical course of action
I guess you missed the part where I was also on the football team and I didn't ride the bench either.
Look at this 1 percenter and his 4 pieces of legos!
Sounds like he is an excellent man!
Yeah, its just liberals.
Nah dude Rivers is a flop.... No rings
*replies and believes*
Revolta was heartwarming before it was cool to be heartwarming
I love it when they do football stuff
I mean it's a bad game but I've been incredibly entertained
I hate how 'black' this comment is
Yeah it is, there's plenty of anime where they talk to the dead
an evolved colloquial term as "Ma-finger".
God what I would give for a Palin frontrunner right now...
The 3 year old was CLEARLY asking for it.
to build the wall 30 feet higher obviously
Not really a fan of mk dons...
Driving any vehicle that isn't my own.
I didn't realize Tony and Coulson are old friends
Shh don't tell that to Merchantman owners :)
What was your opinion, and what did it change to?
For science, of course.
No, it's only exploitation if there is sex involved.
For others, it recalls that there is only one party in America, and it is not the people's party.
Ya, but both candidates are the same!
Yeah, it's a woman's responsibility to not be raped, how could anyone think that sounds like being a rape apologist
SO I'M NOT ALLOWED TO STRAIGHT AND FABULOUS, uhh fucking shitlords
The fuck do you know about my life, you cis shitlord.
It's actually not located in very many developing countries, but who care about those
'Murica, because Donald Trump.
I'm shocked this sub is split on something relatively trivial.
Lenscrafters is also Luxottica owned if I'm not mistaken, try a local non-chain optician
Quantum-Atomic-Theoretical Physicist here, correct term is actually synchrony
Really it depends on the road.
And in Israel a 3 room apartment in Tel Aviv can cost almost a million dollars.
Obviously that's what I meant.
Liberate the Doggoteriat.
Economic anxiety
gnajom
I hope to god you dropped this...
It is of course your decision, but I must say I'm surprised that you would be too squeamish for an abortion but not for a birth?
I identify as a toaster
b.. but... he said 'women' in his comment.
ITT: People who have intimate knowledge of Clinton's plans to deregulate Wall Street and appoint only the greasiest of Goldman Sachs execs to governmental positions.
I'm sure you, who is actively spreading a lie, will acknowledge any fact that directly counters your personal bias.
Oh yeah, my teens would totally love these packets!
pedanticdouchejennifer does have a certain ring to it...
She's just brainwashed by the patriarchy.
YET MORE PROOF THAT ROBIN IS HIGH TIER
Lol you kind of deserved it
Anders snappen die kutbuitenlanders het toch niet?
Meh Frankenstein isn't important.
Nice try state department shill
Its risky got some crazy competition with that NEW FETTY ALBUM DROPPING THE SAME DAY
To each according to their contribution!
Among the channels streaming the debate live on YouTube are: NBC News, PBS, Fox News, The Washington Post, Bloomberg, and Telemundo.
That means WE SHOULD GO TO WAR TO BOOST OUR ECONOMY!
Sounds like a way to get a totally non-biased recap of the debate.
Dropped the
"Im willing to associate with someone who votes with my candidate" YOU JUST PROVED THE GUY YOU REPLIED RIGHT.
Yup
What a clever comment.
No, [Mumkhar/Metal Face would be, cause he came back to life with cybernetic implants :P]
I never knew you could make such a detailed picture using only Syrian Refugees.
Good thing he's going to put his business in a blind trust.
This is actually a teaser image of the new heist, where heisters have to go to a Tsunami-stricken San Francisco to steal trucks loading tons of party hats, to be unlocked in this years Crimefest
yes because hillary is the beacon of truth, she never lies..
there is enough tax collected from you middle class peasants out there to run the government so the rich dont really need to contribute
You were warned.
Well I say it's cultural appropriation
Ok, let's just get granular and kill all those with more than 2 kids.
Never seen this interaction before.
You only are enjoying it because you don't have to deal with the outcome.
Yeah they should have to bear the brunt of this, because, you know, they're involved
Fuckin' symmetry, always ruining things.
I'm mistaken, you guys definitely know more about mechanics than me lol
what about 0.1062?
I had the same issue until I put 15 minutes into understanding reddit's layout.
It's been 15 minutes already!
You forgot
Giroux top, Tom Wilson bottom...correct!
In case you didn't realize it he is quoting/referencing the movie Zoolander :)
It takes a strong man to admit that his feelings are hurt... and then he pushes the red button :D
Do you serve crunchy granola communion
Hey you shitlord, they are divorcing and writing blogs because that's what empowered women do.
I bet all her mom friends love her, she must be such an nice person to be around.
probably not though but the filter leaves it open to the imagination
That squirtle isn't large enough to happily house those two goldeen!
I can't see this happening; they would need to win a whole **4** Bo1s to do this!
I can't tell if this post is from 2015 or 2016.
Yeah, saying women and 'blacks' are uninformed, (citation needed for this 'fact' of yours) and are only smart enough to base thier vote who matches thier genitalia or skin color is not at all racist or sexist.
Oh, so nothing new or exciting.
you could have published this as your own content in a youtube channel and "monetized" it.
How about you do a giveaway of an LGA1150 AIO liquid cooler, PM'd to me?
A lot of people didn't like Justin or Kryssie at first but I'm glad people are warming up to them because they're great ^^
Jessie "the body" Ventura
OP please deliver.
Master Movies heeft fristi toch echt verpest.
1-3 L1
I dunno, I heard after orchestrating pearl harbor, her and Obama created ISIS and Hurricane Karina...
Well i guess it's alright, but try harder next time
That's racist.
honestly, that's really quite a lot better than expected.
Reported to niantic
Well Jordan borders Israel (like not "shares a dispute mountain region, it literally borders the length of it + West Bank) and has US supplied army and, more importantly, Air Force
Wtf I love fat shaming now!
Total loser
because summoning Beth is a lot worse than pulling another water griffon tbh.
Sylveon loses to physical Dragalge though
6 mana + 5 mana, maybe if you shadowstep one of them it could work, but it would not be very optimal
Mission Accomplished!
Yeah I'm annoyed Jinder didn't get any
Somebody call Sean Hannity.
They lose every side when they win a pistol, better off losing it.
You use a lot of flash heal...
What would it cost to do a manual swap in something like a automatic(F1) 360 or 430 parts and labor?
Yeah dude fuck minorities and the poor
haha thats hilarious
Same
Every lightweight ducking Khabib
I guess Churchill is just some fat white guy?
Hey man, all those racists weren't necessarily Trump supporters
Isisi lahat kay De Lima.
It's not a bug, it's a feature
Yeah, it's totally made up
clearly
Ajay Devgn for Two Face
Yeah, causing a 1000 damage ability to deal 600 damage (ignoring resists) is nothing at all.
Small nitpick, The Broken Isles collectively weren't submerged; Only the broken shore was.
This makes a shorter life with Cigs look much more appealing.
Ahem, in 'Murcia we call 'em "Freedom Units".
Plus you can take the whole security deposit in the spill a gatorade...
This looks cool but if anyone can help me, I'm not quite sure from the video as to who makes these?
Product list: ABH Dipbrow ABH Perfect Brow Pencil ABH Duo Brush #12
For the active, duh...
Yeah cause they don't have multiple windfury minions, or cards that give windfury to a minion
You mean they aren't just delaying finished content for 6 months to steal our money?
But who doesn't just love Kennedy?
That's how it always worked.
Base 5400RPM HDD confirmed.
I mean, she has been fighting the good fight against Isis for her entire adult life...
You die in space you get a highschool in Ohio named after you
Or we could face 'accountability' where we did not actually do anything wrong, but the not-so-legitimate court system (or special tribunal, or whatever that other government wants to implement) decides to find the United States (or specific actors, including those within that country who can be hauled into court, fined, or potentially imprisoned) liable for whatever political insults/'crimes' we have committed.
In his defense, it's a default sub.
Tell that to David wood
Iran is happy to compensate the OPEC cut
If it's one way then he didn't have a stop sign!
Sorry, we at valve do not have the budget to afford proper sounds
Rune of the Balthazar!
You forgot the
In that case you dropped this
I'm so excited to see two dwarfs fight
Angry Joe
I thought they shot him, not cut his arms off.
Wouldn't that be dying poor?
You're welcome?
"What, close down the casinos?"
Maybe if he had robbed a store before people would care
Ahh well said while sitting safely in the US.. Thanks for the advice.. Why not also bomb Beijing for good measure.. Fuck them all am I right?
But the janitor does a shitty job of cleaning so we just get rid of him and then everyone will clean up after THEMSELVES.
Nothings gonna change my love for you...
nobody cares
Agreed, that's the night we got into the city but since then it's been nice
forgot
when you have a motorized toothbrush it's actually kinda hard since it goes everywhere the second you open your mouth plus I use a waterpik so that's annother accident waiting to happen
beautiful
Yep a job that requires a lot of schooling can easily be automated.
Implying the person who wrote this has ever seen one.
Well of course, the rule against having dark skin also applies to light skinned people so it's totally just and fair.
The drug war is the gift that keeps on giving.
Riiight, cuz there's not a judgmental undertone to your comment, got it
Rychel better stick up for our boys again or else
the disparity is no one gives a shit about rednecks, now shut up and provide me with self deprecating humour, you dumb hick.
Dat tubular doom sole swap
Can confirm: I often hack the FBI and use their system resources to remotely run Dying Light at 30 FPS
ITT: bitter film professors
Yeah that's definitely what's important when deciding what skin to use
Because you're dead by turn five anyways
Glad I held off on piking it up then, guess I'll just wait for the GotY edition.
Did you ever find the lost child?
Uncle grandpa too :(
confirmed scott and mazhar are ed8's.
Ok then, anyone who counts remembers Scott and Oates more.
You work in a phone shop, that means you have a direct line to Google, Apple, Samsung, and Nokia doesn't it?
"And it has one of the best ladder climbing sequences ever" Good to see they prepared for this
Why not add a
Best actress, ever.
I didn't know Zekt had brothers!
Just you wait, women will feel *so much safer* when their local neighborhood stop-and-frisk program is put in place!
I'm sure the disabled and mentally ill have always wanted to live in a prison.
10th-14th
To be fair, if these employees didn't follow company culture, none of these problems would have happened
SOONER!
No this is Patrick
Hey man just wanted to let you know it's not a good idea to ever smoke from plastic, get a real piece and stop smoking like you're in 8th grade
That's just subliminal Forza 3 advertising, I'm sick of these ads Microsoft!
Even more when they're ahead at the end of the game ;)
Can we please call it Linda so it's not so gay for us guys?
I hope this is
I'll give you a grey fez for the boost!
We're resting him for the playoffs
Yeah, but what about in Australia?
Didn't you know that not liking kids makes you homophobic and racist too?
YES WE DO
Madam President Madam President Madam President Madam President
Don't get hit for less damage
I wore a banana hammock that her sister bought me
Yeah, why wouldn't Snowden support someone who would want him executed?
I propose we create a rule banning references to competing subreddits!
Sex is not biological, nor is gender.
I heard, somewhere, that Hauntzer plays tanks to a tee.
I think ESPN just doesn't want to update how the standings are shown on their app
Too fucking bad for them.
You dropped this
Roses are red, the potions are old, I tried buying new ones, "not enough gold".
This is why all men are rapists.
In my experience "being a better kid" coming from an N means "being a mindless robot".
so Diggers '90 have no more uniqueness....., well that's nice
It's because it's a dell
Maybe theyll issue deutsche bank coins after they take everyone's money.
As opposed to the thoughtful and civil minded folks on this sub...
He hires the best people
Well, Trump did say that she is the devil and wants to rip babies out the day before they are born...
It must have been a real change for him.
How much are you asking for the champs NMDs?
You surely want an aghs againts invoker
*Triggered*
Na yo those are caves where mohammed did sacred islamic traditions the jews have no rights to it cause they just showed up in the 20th century
Loki
I'm pretty sure your IQ can't go down to 0
Just out of curiosity do you work at Westlake Elementary?
Was thinking he meant RG3.
In other news: dog literally does what it was breed to do, figuratively captures our hearts.
Where is the BASIC they had me make a ski game out of on an Apple IIe in middle school?
Clay-based scum.
I mean **come on** it's been one month since the expansion dropped and no huge content patch has come out, it's ridiculous.
Yeah, you always hear those stories about how apple is terrible at supply chain management
Dang, I need to try and get into that it sounds amazing
Yeah Cam would be a nobody without Shula
tell me again how Hillary has no ideas or policies and the two candidates are exactly the same
Yeah cause there are so many Bama QBs tearing it up in the NFL right now
Ha ha you saying this like DE ever intended to do a proper rework for Saryn and not a kneejerk nerf...
Uncomfortable with the "direction" aka landslide victory for trump
Well...that was worth the cost.
So he can overclock
Clearly you're a CTR $hill
No, not The Who.
Yeah, Allen's lacerated kidney last season should have been a red flag
Are you sure it's not a 48 slot sidecar that has a ship?
Sorry forgot this
You are the messiah and I will follow you
Aren't these issues very interrelated as both are effects of increased atmospheric Carbon Dioxide concentrations?
Typhoon cinema's videos.
Most of the chat I saw was saying the opposite :/
Yeah what a clutch
My god you look ridiculous tight, as much as I would have loved to be your filler, I don't think I would have fit.
Mate, brakes just slow you down!
Would you stop muddying the waters with facts please?
Conor would totally find a way to fight back if The Mountain got a hold of him
Probaly a laggy killcam, hitreg and other issues dont exist
23 because our eyes cant see more duh :D
That sounds way more enjoyable.
Use it to level your own gyms against higher cp, the moveset is a little unfortunate but its still working.
Bill isn't running for Pres.
Maybe he's European
Please tolerate my intolerance!
I think you forgot the
Just another prime example of how we're the problem.
You should change the oil at some point!
Yes, getting your people to murder suspected drug users in the streets isn't as bad as using drugs.
Sex and erotic videotapes oh no.
'Cause everybody's gotta die sometime yeah But baby don't cry-i-i-i-iiiiiiie.
The time left in the current content drought
No don't you get it, it only counts when it fits the EU superiority narrative
Wait this game has roles?
Perhaps they would have understood the consequences better if BHO wasn't a black Muslim Kenyan terrorist that hates America.
Yes, totally agree.
Nice joke
The only real solution is to legalize CP!
Both sides are the same!
Haven't heard this before.
No because the US is the only country that matters
Yeah scoring TD's for your team is overrated, I'd take more 5 yard receptions any day!
I think you mean one of the best pets in the game
reported for unsporting behaviour
Totally understand, I would be pissed if someone sold me a piece of toast with Jesus' face on it.
"I trade staff t6 priest for armor t6 wizard" COMMUNISM MOTHERFUCKERS
More specifically a divine 1/1/1
There is no way to express sarcasm over text
Then they'll whack off the mirrors as a douche tax.
I second Fantasy Life and Rhythm Heaven.
WG was doing something right for too long, they finally caught on and fixed it.
here, you dropped the
Hahaha, that'd be funny.
Oh look Docker settled down :|
If he doesn't wear the key how would he get back into the room?
That makes him smart!
Thas what you get for sexually harassing people, fuck you
Next level bots?
Wait, so i'm the only one that get paid for shilling?
Bruh, don't talk shite about a 90-rated keeper, yo.
Yeah, because they all made the choice to be drafted and sent to war.
24
But they get free pokecoins
Truly is a tragedy....
It's not Jake's birthday!
erm...I don't have a premium account...and most of my battles are in higher tier tanks...and I'm still here...get good?
I miss our 3 headed bullpen monster of Johnson, Peralta, and hatcher
Because that's what abortion is
The difference between the good ones and bad ones are the difficulty.......
This is offensive to color blind people.
ukrainian?
Oh right... This is a list of things Tesla has done that literally no other car maker has already done.
MOM SK ARE CHEATING
Do they have that kind of knowledge/technology in the state of Alabama outside of Huntsville?
Username checks out
I like that we're already starting to talk about his candidacy in the past tense.
Totally on the defender to know how to tackle properly while fighting through a stiff-arm.
Phrenology is totally legit you lumpy skulled nincompoop.
Oh, you sweet summer child.
Tbf this is his first year in the major, he didn't know how it works.
Yeah, nah.
We will soon find out........
you never know when you gonna need that +3 rcv to be able to survive the next attack
Nerrrrrrd
At my girlfriends for the weekend, destiny is at home with my quest stuck on step 5 I'm so excited to get it.. damn life and getting in the way of things
can i preorder a bogo hoodie then?
TIL
gaining three credits for almost anything.
That's a FANT4STIC idea!
He's an "Uncle Tom"
but he's handsome, we should always vote for handsomeness and prettyness.. vote for Hitler, vote for Stalin, vote for Napoleon, vote for Genghis Khan, and now vote for Agus.. We can expect GREAT things from handsome and pretty leader.. like sex and the city type
Wanna go for a drink?
Because socialism = hardworking rich people give their money to lazy poor people.
you forgot to
Yeah, only people who smoke weed are afraid of the police
Because clearly 2K is lazy and screw and logic about time and resources and availability of the wrestlers!
Dust Boar
Yeah, and I'm sure anyone with a meatwad tattoo isn't regretting it at all.
She's been really strong in blitz tournaments throughout Europe, but has struggled against Russian opponents.
As a male, any ladies that want me to be a judge for their nudes can PM me
I think registration should be mandatory, but mandatory voting probably doesn't help anyone.
Exactly, fuck the Indians
I thought we all so much cared about our military services, I would see this as a positive thing if any government/party tries to bring this in picture the only big constraint I see is, we don't have that kind of infrastructure.
Yeah man, if Korea got eliminated I'm sure they would be saying the same thing
I believe it said on the original Progression 2.0 announcement that they would be going from 15 ships currently to over 50
That is quite a suprise.
Sony Xperia?
I am so proud to be a Filipino-American these days
They should read some Bob Avakian!
Young man you should know that appropriated soviet art for anti-communist propaganda is a gateway drug.
I have two friends voting for Jake Stein, and they live in Ohio and Pennsylvania.
Drone striking the Ecuadorian embassy in London, yea that seems like a great idea.
You dropped this
Nah
It's gona kill small business!
I really hope you just forgot the
Lots and lots of detail, that duck camo requires a lot with all those feathers.
You dropped the
Totally agree, I was explaining his options primarily for the purposes of showing him why it was unlikely.
It's been a few years, but I loved the pair I got at MM and wore them for a few months after my son was born.
When I was a kid and my parents bought me underwear for my birthday I was pissed, now-a-days when my parents buy me compression shorts and any athletic wear I'm stoked.
ITS MURDA I TELLS YOU, MURDA!
What if you go camping in the Amazon jungle and can't carry your bulky drill press?
Umm... so you're saying she got to keep her job?
Itoje: -1, knew it wouldn't be the same after his winning streak ended England should drop him
YOU CAN'T HANDLE THE TRUTH
models * /assets * textures are what "covers" models, you are TRIGGERING ME!
"Did you just assume their gender?!?"
So wait, not paying taxes, avoiding drafts, not paying american works and running for an office you have no idea how to handle makes you a bad citizen?
Well we all know penis pills work but some people just choose to not gain an extra 3" overnight.
Here, you dropped this
The only thing that hasn't changed is how wonderful prefab boxes truly are in any application.
I start leave next week, Ill take a wack at it... Gonna need a 3d holographic projector
Well, looks like it's not getting implemented then.
TIL fire burns wood.
Hillary said so
Yeah, but who is thinner?
Thank Fnatic
what are double blacks
road trip?
Rest in peace, good boy
Whenever I see a picture like this all I can think is "Well how is she gonna look when she gets old?"
You need to annex part of france and italy.
Him and Khaimera are in desperate need of buffs
YOU WOT M8
Yeah, there are totes dozens of people willing to go to prison for a decade just to give Soros a distraction.
*mind blown* THERES NO WAY IT COULD BE THAT EASY!
HOW DARE YOU TAKE CARE OF YOURSELF!
I think they are specifically talking about the fact that he hasn't had his own game in 30 years
It was a BlockStream conspiracy to keep everybody in the dark.
You're playing the Broncos twice though.
I'm definitely not a fan of the "80's sound," but a lot of my favorite music came from the 80s!
Linguistics, I think.
Makes it better to bike everywhere if they're all faster than the cars on the road!
Lol bro
Het is toch immegrasie van de gelukzsoeker s?
The SEC has been to scared to schedule NDSU
No it has always been 400 dust for a non golden epic.
Because the flesh still holds them together.
no nudes, reported for false advertising.
Just shows how many people hate trump
Whoa, let's not get carried away.
Laughing is so last year anyway.
to google = let us "find something relevant somewhere else" for you - now even for hardware
Nahhhhhh
yeah its really simple when you look at it like that
I too miss reforging every piece of gear I have every time I got an upgrade to have optimal stat distribution....
We all know Frogger is a white supremacist nazi, they need to be banned.
TIL Lebron does layups
TIL we are the only city that has this problem
No way, moms always give the best advice when it comes to women.
Make sense, Siri is totally a Libra!
Idiots like this is why the United States of America can't have socialized heathcare.
Humans will definitely destroy themselves before the world ever ends.
I would get ^^Crippling ^^Depression if he delayed it for months
Pretty much all the presidential candidates have had indictments drafted right before the elections and pretty much most candidates have had staff given immunity as well / it's a big nothing burger and par the course when you run for president with a huge right wing conspiracy coming after you
Les Miles
Because putting yourself at risk for STD by hopping on every other dick you see and lowering those risks greatly by saving sex for a committed relationship are totally both disgusting worthy behaviors
I have video where me and a pug of 5 randoms went up against a team of 2 AND a team of 3. i was very salty.
Maybe he tore it trying to open the door on Smackdown last week.
Also retard is the wrong word, since he's one of the most brilliant men on Earth.
You want to be in the fart room?
I'm sure *this* will sink Hillary
It's because English is the only language that really matters!
CREATIVE.
No, you misunderstand, the internal auditing department says everything is all good.
Mike Trout, but as a Gold Glove SS.
Wanna smoke later to get over the crippling depression you must've had?
Meh, not THAT impressive.
I am shocked that the justices chose to use the 'C' word, which is a racial slur.
I am pretty sure that it was a joke about how due to HB's inconsistency with their 'new bundle every week' you might as well sticky one of the posts about no new bundle.
yeah, when the ichors spawn, **push barrage**.
Are they all standalone games or do I need to play them in order?
Revolution up in this motherfucker.
Thanks for the help with this
Can confirm this is valid, I do this all the time The issue though is the only people it really works well on are the weirdest of the weird, so now I just have a little cult of sexually repressed degenerate gays and furfags on strings of emotional dependence who sob to me all day about their lack of a social life and I haven't a clue what to do with em
Yes, because 31 people out of 5.5 million drunks makes it the grope Capitol of the world.
And throwing brownish pokeballs containing Chargers definitely makes sense when the infested are uncontrollable monsters
Everybody knows that vegans don't eat
Goodbye
I have a great day and I will be in the same as the panels are you doing today and.
Because playing video games and having obscure hobbies is a bad thing
You probably don't want to go around posting that on the internet.
Well keep posting I'm sure you'll get unbanned soon.
Obviously you need to git gud
Are you telling me that market competition doesn't actually drive cost down?
So cute his friends are checking out his new "sea wheels" :').
Yes, and I suppose github activity is also just another Bay area echochamber.
Red bar crests are a trap.
No way, that's unbelievable!
Would that hedgehog have enough space in a 2.5g?
EH MA IL PECCATO ORIGINALE?
I mean they technically wouldn't talk if she was dead..
Trumpsplaining.
Maybe we should just delete BBs from the game, maybe that will fix the issues with them.
It's a well known fact, that the meat I eat is starved and thrown onto the side of the highway before I consume it
How about getting KM?
#GODDAMNIT THIS IS JAY'S FAULT
What about all those kids dressing up as kids with severe peanut allergies?
Nah you clearly just drink them to get drunk since the ABV is so high.
This brought back some Saturday morning cartoon memories
Streamlight stinger or GTFO.
In iron banner and other light level events it will 2 shot if you are high enough and against low level people, feels good to be a elitist sometimes and know I got that two shot because I'm a higher level
I swear some people think they know everything...
I love him, but he needs to get a lot better at passing to be considered for the heisman.
Guys, I'm super serial this time.
Right because white trailer parks are just a haven of law-abiding people and family values.....
Just play on Warmane or DalaranWoW, dont waste your time.
I love how the word rape is never used when its a *female teacher*.
Found Putin
Those cuts did look pretty superficial.
*hamburglary
Stroke The Forge* FTFY
Yay, got the mighty Doomworm
Please be
I don't know anyone who can't just sit and relax with their friends and enjoy Requiem for a Dream.
who needs a camera when you can have small bezels selfies are for girls
yeah it worked great for htc
wow man u r so good!1!1!1!
Holy shit I totally never would have got that reference
Omg you are triggering me!
why have i never heard of this?
Well, the article mention that Lampung has 10 milllion ton cassava and the powerplant would use around 10 ton, so there is still a huge reserve... Plus people eat rice anyway, not cassava...
Until then, don't do that shit dude.
Jeez, you make one of the best shows of all time that is still just as relevant 15 years later and you just milk that thing eh?
But what's wrong with Treadwell?
Your wife should never know how many guns you own, it can make it much harder to buy more.
I bet they just open random files and just put extra "}" everywhere just to fuck it up.
You forgot the
4/10 - didn't dab afterwards.
Well, it doesn't exist in the *real* America
i love emma but still im voting Trump
RV
Hardcore doesn't count
But the care would become so much more patient-centered!
Wow, those braces really do it for me
That's going to get the creme-de-la-creme of Twitter's userbase commenting!
annie, vel'koz, karma and brand don't count, those are APC's in a low-income role, not supports.
very accurate title
wtf, there is ALREADY a precedent for being more lenient on 1st laps, the comment already said that so what you said makes absolutely no sense... lol.
As proved by my mom being taller than my dad, men are not actually taller than women.
The budget went to the Faggio Mod.
You forgot the
how dare she be a hot woman in the workplace does she not see she's decreasing productivity with her face?
wat?
Yeah, but now everyone has autism.
BUT WHY ARE YOU GIVING THIS INFO OUT TO OTHER TEAMS
This is the tech shuttles' fault
You dropped the
You probably already figured this out, but no.
Yeah because of Mexicans, welfare queens, affirmative action, and libruls with their book-learning
Guys, please remember Islam is a religion of peace #NotAllMuslims
Because Trump will bring us prosperity?
But since there's white privilege, this means minorities are even more fucked!
Please wait for the proposed weekly critique thread to be posted and post this content there.
He's coming here to commit voter fraud!
Guys there are leaves in the background it's a new Zyra skin
like MAPFRE
I feel so tiny in your arms
What no salmon ladder?
Forgot the
Why produce something great when we can produce Big Boss instead?
Fuck you and your silver, fuck it all
WELL I WISH HIM LUCK WITH HIS TRAIL OF TEARS PROJECT, TRYING TO RESEARCH THAT JUST SHOWS THE CHIEFS' PLAYOFF HISTORY
Does he play for stoke aswell?
Julie is gonna DQ her for cheating
Or Jonny Knoxville
I'm sure this is 100% legit
When asked to comment Trump was seen to pull his eyes into slits and mocking... *oooh Hirrary is crawshing me oooh...* yes
But if you wave your arms, it moves, so does that count as flying?
Oh shit, *white* people are the true victims of racism guys!
Tiger &lt;3
the delivery is perfect just like his eyesight
I thought he was German
Its just modern age mcarthyism
This.
Did they deserve it?
Happy Columbus Day
I assure you that is a movie
Dancin and singin is hard
I mean it's a deck
I use mine to cut myself
Oh thanks, I'm glad it's not as bad as it could be
you will have to buy a new case and film correctly this time
Finally a new fresh idea !
10/10 work devs
But we lost Eller tho!
If DAESH want to win hearts and minds, perhaps they should put Trumps head on a spike... just sayin'
are you like legitimately expecting to get that jacket?
The fact that you don't see everything as a racial slight is just your privilege.
/cm/ is probably one of the nicest boards
Don't forget the federated states of Micronesia
If she didn't *know* it was illegal then it should be ok.
I love this guy, he alone, will Make America Great Again.
Redundant don't you think?
He's like the Russian Edward!
My theory is, that the HYPE will break the subreddit, once again
Yeah the 15 newspapers that endorsed Romney are all suddenly democratic shills instead of legitimately horrified of a Trump presidency.
The Yay Scale can't keep up with a true goddess!
Yah where peaceful protests are super effective everywhere else.
finally this sub is coming around to my way of thinking; it is time for the government to scrap all welfare and just invest in Pollock's artwork.
Charging doesn't work but you just clean flash cm13 if you need to charge.
He hides some of his defensive inconsistency by scoring goals tho.
Smoke on the Water and Seven Nation Army
Wow way to spoil the entire movie
I'm sure the buffs had nothing to do with it
By campaigning for the candidate with the most interest in reforming campaign financing?
Exofficio are my absolute fave.
Yeah, but most of the apologists here will upvote him because Apple is totally strapped for cash right now...
Wait, you're telling me that 99% of the population doesn't care about specs?
Women get offended when you call them anything.
But we didn't, so they must not have done anything wrong
North Korea
Uptight*, you scumfuck bastard pile of trash mental dickface.
Nuclear winter to solve global warming!
Gee its almost like there are many different ppl with differing opinions here
If white people would stop saying racist things, maybe they wouldn't get labeled racist.
Good job National!
Buzzfeed reported that they had noticed a distinct change in his linguistic patterns - any time you're communicating behind a moniker, this means either the actor has changed or is under duress.
They'll all be tragic victims of *Climate Change*^mua^ha^ha^ha^ha
and then use the dragon ball
I'm also pretty sure it's a client-side thing because it also work when you're not the host
How disgusting!
We all know no one would ever do such a thing
If you're like me, just evolve all your high cp eevees, and you're guaranteed a jolteon every time
You forgot the
...and the extra crunch added to the texture.
Jobs are for peasants
I'm so confused with your comment, it might be because I'm high right now, but are you saying I'm an idiot, or people who think the way you described are idiots?
Should have gotten a 1060 lol
That seems like a much better way to run things, unfortunately you still get shafted on profits generated by your idea I'm sure.
^i ^ship ^them ^so ^hard
Remember the EDL displaying their hate towards POC is freedom of expression
What about Quantum?
Oh man this really makes me wanna drop console for the master race
Because white is pure so if youre tainted then youre not pure
He didn't get rich by drinking away his money in potions!
only 2 years old steam account pssh what a light weight
Well yea, they aren't in dire need of dental care.
Now your always read to send a message!
Me too :(
i believe the correct nomenclature is "damninjuns"
Africa is a in uninhabitable evil place
Actually if you count there are 15 blades...
I feel like this needs
I know right I've only seen cannabis around these days but not one single marijuana I feel safe
Dad paid the kid to say it, c'mon.
I think they were already broken.
Thanks.
Congrats at being a real woman.
All I'm going to say is that Roger Goodell never twerked, so your argument is invalid.
We can always bank on ww3 reducing the demand.
Yeah Angular 1 was so amazing, that is why they had to refactor almost everything on Angular 2.
Yeah Tristana is clearly the better waifu!
Free with the GTX 30 and the Z130FPS-A LUL
Breitbart isn't biased!
So zen-like
If you are what you eat, your honor, then I am an innocent man!
Jokes on you, he's about to unleash Getsuga Tenshou on their asses for insulting his waifu
There are enough panes of glass in the ocean for them to run into that they had to evolve to be squishy enough to absorb the shock?
Yeah it's definitely not the rightwing carbon based energy groups undermining nuclear power.
At least those North Carolina perverts will be forced to use the restroom that God intended that they use.
If a revealed Mayor doesn't talk in jail they are 100 percent Mafia
Well, according to the current administration, drugs is the cause of all this problems and shit, once drugs is eliminated everything will be better.
Let me just consult my magic 8 ball
Smack dat ass!
meh, totally a mid range phone, not worth premium price one bit.
I do miss the speed limiter otherwise I like it.
IT'S WOMYN, SHITLORD!
hey man You can't say that word anymore.
How about some of those high blood pressure arm bands for warlocks?
Yes and you please do bad work at your place of employment too!
Well, he actually apologized for making a comment about his consensual sexual life instead of, say, bullying women who were raped and then trying to sweep it under the rug.
Her segment was labeled on screen as opinion so people 'should' take it as that.
Tesla m40 master race
That mess of cables is exactly what people want in 2016
Football Manager, I have thousands upon thousands of ours spent in that series.
Obama definitely deserves another Nobel Peace Prize
Of course, the human eye can't see past 24fps.
SHITPOST.
Can't wait to witness the amazing brains this country will produce over the next 10-15 years.
my balls are tiny as is
Your opinion is very important to me.
Yeah fuck discussing stuff lets just wait for the game day threads so we can yell fire *insert player or coach who fucked up there* all game.
Wow 1 turnover gg vikings suck
How could someone live without nougat?
Shitlord!
Yes, every single decent person in here has been lying to you the whole time, congratulations, you've figured us out.
You may have enjoyed our BS...we rarely went outside during the weekly meetings and even the campouts were mostly spent inside (a chapel)
We'll set up a citadel in their name as a charity.
*club they're not gangs when they're white
i'm sure a console can handle osu with 1000fps, so i dont worry
Can't win a presidency without your own propaganda machine
you forgot the
Funtime Breadbear is a endo of Funtime Freddy Fazbender, obviously
Maybe you should try allowing her.
At least it will be safe from vape condensation!
Don't you know she is in the front lines fighting the patriarchy?
Sounds like a valid reason to me.
If you had faith you would understand all the contradictions in the Bible.
Well you see, the server sees something different than what you see or whatever.
Thanks Rocket League
guess I should add
Diamond level for those with 500+ hours
That's such a weird thing for Glenn Beck to say, he's usually a bastion of logical thinking.
It's about *brotherhood*
Please complain more about shit that doesn't even matter
Well it's still in my school, so yay?
I optimistically read the parent comment with a trailing
I didn't realize that Harden was on the Warriors
yea, its lucy, and you would be kidding me if he comes close to a skill parity even to the likes of yourself as well
Can't have her collapsing on the stage
Well, if you don't announce the attack on the MSM how is ISIS going to know?
... Is this a Cards Against Humanity haiku?
I remember it bearenstin
Shows he's smart.
Tell us, how much are the Chinese paying you to spread their stories of this global warming?
Think you dropped this
Dog, Visit a locker room sometime
Bill Weld is eminently more qualified to be president than either Johnson or Trump.
I hope there's a missing
I just write "h" and hope someone in my team understands
Yeah, it's almost like they were asking for it!
Bitch doesn't feel a thing
You forgot the
...clearly
What do you expect from a lifetime natty
But fear-mongering is *OUR* top priority!
Echlipse had some, I'm sure they're legit
That's what you get for not posting adorable starter fanart along with the information
Great repost.
As pointed out by someone else, it's not, I'm making fun of the people who think journalists were colluding with Clinton based on Wikileaks.
R. Kelly confirmed for the NX reveal.
not sure if
Tell me that isn't a little tempting when she's railing on you for the 3rd time this week to pick up your clothes and put the seat down.
SO PUBLIC!
Jo, lieber auf reddit echauffieren, das hilft bestimmt
[REQUEST] Can someone make this 2h GIF of Terminator 2 as a respring animation?
True gameplay: Stardew Valley, but at night
I hear its pretty common to optimize your game mid development before your assets are even finished.
Sure, tell me about your Miracle level Invoker, please.
Their bants are as weak as their bot lanes
"Punk" Yeah sure.
You peasant... You need a titan of cause!
And it's worth getting AIDS?
Sounds like somebody didn't have any art.
Because adding ghost bullets was the correct way to balance hand cannons
Moon rocks can't feed homeless children in the ghetto
Or breaks your pelvis during vicious snu-snu.
Yes......yes it does.
Very odd that your body continues proper blood flow even when you're sleeping
I guess Trump doesn't consider you attractive.
The best thing you could have done was to post it here.
Maybe in China.
Gary Larson himself would have been proud to publish the third panel on its own.
But she's not a Plastic....
"He lunged at me so I walked away" Yeah that's how I react too
Ponytail!
Yes because unless you spend at least 60 minutes out of your day on how you can keep the black man down then you are not a white man!
I totally agree, fuck Clinton
I've seen crime novels with covers in style of old crime comics.
Ok buddy, I was on board up until I saw " Shifter boot need rebuild"
But gorilla glass is indestructible
"Text"
Where's the absurdly long line and the rollercoaster?
i guess ill back out then
Country First.
Eventually they will run in a little corner box overlay during the entire game
why, did I trigger you?
Jokes on you, the cat was actually dead and god revived it
Men should have the Jesus given freedom to not have access to the same amenities as women, just like it says in the bible
Yeah man, I feel you, those Ana potg's are so common, I couldn't get a potg as Reinhardt in ages.
One Chinese restaurant I really liked had a random health inspection and it was discovered that they had no running hot water and had a leak in the kitchen from the bathroom one floor above it.
Well now that is such a shame isn't it
What, no midgets you sick fuck?
but it's not a 40 yard bicycle kick screamer so it doesn't belong here
I thought we used green screens.
Because communism ftw.
Whew, and to think I was worried...
Just posted
This should include those horrible electronic cigarettes, too!
Lets just reduce the hitpoints of capitals by 90%.
Yeah, because the whitewashed cast was the problem with that film...
Don't want to damage your ore do you?
Self-driving motorcycles when?
But those cost money!
I'm almost 100% certain this is just a pretty good troll, but on the offchance that you are actually serious, might as well comment :D
^TAKE THIS
And smartphones too !
So what the dimples in the reciver make it a real ak?
So nothing too important, got it
if we put American soldiers where a corrupt government was taking advantage of its citizens, they'd never leave the good ole USofA
Wow what an original post!
Yes you have used up all of your monster luck.
I tried to create my developer story but it was closed as duplicate by a mod
But didn't the Bundy gang cause a revolution?
No, she only wants really dedicated full time employees, didn't you hear her?
best map setup ever.
Same reason they don't treat us with respect
I like how he looks as if he was giving him the fist, but turned into a thumbs up XD
Meh, slaking slack adjuster
keep 'em coming UK, you're a shining light.
Where do you see where it says shipping dates?
No, she was speaking to the audience member on that side
Gift Girl Gild
im suing u for ur post karma
It's signed by Clinton so it has to be crooked.
So the scam, see, is to get testicular cancer on purpose!
Good thing Saving Private Ryan is 100% historically accurate.
This is how all states have started out fyi.
I didn't realize that was one of those vehicles incapable of reversing
Hikos calls are going to be as following, Everyone walk out first and I'll kill the rest.
How did we ever cope for thousands of years?
With their tiny hands.
"I don't believe in vaccination"
Yeah fuck Evans for not depleting our infield for a closer!
Does tripping over stuff and breaking it almost every day count?
yes now it is obviously, after i pioneered it
He gets given a copy of Atlas Shrugged and told to stop mooching off the state.
no game still ends, try pressing buttons during the cutscene, might trigger the characters to attack Monty
Yeah because imposing costs and risks on future generations for HUNDREDS OF THOUSANDS OF YEARS by creating nuclear waste is totally ok.
Interesting, thanks!
What he actually he said was that he would use campaign money to fund himself.
I'm not sure he'll have enough time to do that considering he has to go around to everyone's houses and take their guns away whilst also imposing Sharia law across the country.
Next time he will add a
November 28th, presidential election
punk zarya is still better
Well that poll is clearly rigged now...
I thought the hockey mask guy was from Friday the 13th.
Hey, even if it's being used as a CPU cooler, it's technically still inside the case :p
Make sure you have doom.wad and prboom.wad in the same folder, sounds like your missing prboom.wad completely
Because that's not gonna piss anyone off
I bet this person is an absolute joy to be around
Kelley or Gillie or Thompson?
You're right, that was a jackdaw.
Which you presumably counter by including jurors who've beaten up their daughters in similar circumstances rather than assuming that they are capable of consensual relationships...?
Where is this from?
I'm beginning to think some of these might not be true....
The Zen Master ordering hits
Boosting scrub git gud
It's not that research wasn't attempted, mind you, but casualties were quite high.
You forgot the
Jasmine by far
New president new priorities
Oh but she is so progressive and will further us toward a Progressive platform!
teh horror
Would you say that dogs are IMPORTANT?
59 hats?
La Rosa de Guadalupe o La vida de Juan "Grabiel"
Yeah, but we should still discount and hate everyone who disagrees with us on anything.
Well, that makes sense.
Well it is just as friends to start until he makes sure she's good enough for him.
How dare you?
Thank god Trump was saved
Lmao and they can make pumpkin spiced latte artifacts too
I thought FEMA already built those for us?
Rip cod
Bo4 female protagonist confirmed
You coukd get some info on the peace corps or americorps, so he can still travel the world and be his hippie self out of your hair for most of the year.
You dropped this:
Plseas FVR, PDutz is a master tactician.
Yes because Putin would press the "end the world" button because a jet was shot down by America.
Looks blurry.
AKA the seven things Trump will outright murder when he is dictator.
just use mzeus noob
Why aren't they 3/2 with **Taunt**, though?
you forget the
dang man you got him by the short hairs fukkin *rekt* no
I like that 2nd one but I usually get tunnelled :/ next private match though im gonna do it.
I always wondered why people delisted from St Kilda vanish.
Missles that cant get lazered?
Pressures on, Laine.
How quickly I was banned from r/Pyongyang.
[its OK DK's went in theirs to slaughter a bunch of em]
M18 claymore field modifications to a personal ERA device
why are the cameras pointing at the benches?
woah.
Congrats to the millionaire college student.
Yeah that's just a sign he's tilted all is good
My name is Luke Cage.
He better hurry up with that Sharia law
Dear god not 25% reduction that's like two shots oh no.
6/10 not enough blackface
2 orange essence
Giving Sky Sports ammunition to defend Ham in case Nico actually wins it
I think you missed the
I thought we already had them.
Moon landing
So eat 20 bags of broccoli, shitlord.
Oh, well since Miley Cyrus said it I may have to change my mind about Hillary.
Guys are all individuals with different likes and dislikes.
That's exactly is the problem, your Scots ruined Scotland, that why Scots want to leave you now.
Cuz they obviously make awesome decisions
Obviously its a medical condition why shes fat
Oops forgot the
OY VEY
But that's because they're illegal.
There's no competition :/ see how much this monopoly benefits us?
I got fucked so hard by that game, never again pre-ordering.
But they're the Tag Heuer works team.
You must be a bad walker
I just save the subtle pictures from r/offensivewallpapers as my screen saver
But Zarya never gets play of the game.
Yeah, I think people don't realize that this is running on different servers than League itself.
Yeah, she should be over that by now!
Gotta love having an inferiority complex.
I still don't understand buying a 5-7 on pistol as a CT unless you buy armor and someone drops you one, not only is it bad at longer ranges but if you don't have armor you'll get mowed down by glawks in seconds
I think they mean he likes "real" food like KFC and McDonald's instead of that icky gluten-free organic free-range cage-free sustainably-grown vegan slop that "pussies" call food.
That was brilliant!
You gonna sit there and brag or are you gonna deliver?
Kek, surely it is impossible for an anti cheat system to check whether someone is cheating.
Forgot your
Yes I'm sure all the people getting AIDS medication from it hate the fact that Bill Clinton started it.
Lovely.
I'm sorry ESAM
If the title is in all caps, you know the video is good
Lord have mercy on you
Girl... Now?
Grumpy cat ?
We call it the bathroom, lavoratory, or powder room in my country.
That person isn't hating, just reminding her to get enough protein for her gainz
Yeah take a break from exposing political corruption harmful to the country to figure out why devs didnt deliver on a video game promise!
you forget the
You are newfag
I've always thought the best standard of truth was whether you piss off "the elites" (whatever that means).
You wash your jeans?
Hard to score that much when you trap as hard as the Devils do.
I'm more surprised how bad at grammar and conventions you are!
"Risotto" is probably just a hitman term for melting bodies down in the bathtub.
thats work really well on allepo
The odds were good.
If only we banned guns this kind of thing wouldn't happen.
I'm hoping for a return of 'saracen' honestly
so deep fry the vegetables and then pressure cook the beef while slowcooking the spices?
its men's patriarchy that enforces male virginity shaming, they are victims of the patriarchy
I wonder if we will see a post like this from Greg when he leaves Bitcoin
Clearly all engineered by MI5
Build your own road then!
Yeah but she was a Zionist grandmother
Good to see the boys are in mid-season form already
Do you have any reliable sources for that claim?
but apparently it's not as bad as when Trump says mean things
Guess it's time to buy Rexxar and go face!
You sure that's not the back of some chair?
I'd like a mechanic where, during a fight, if someone fully dies and says "help" or "rez plz" in chat, they get permabanned, all their items are given to me, their computer gets bricked, and a government official goes to their place of residence and breaks their jaw with a tire iron.
That only happens when it's the Packers or Patriots playing.
You forgot the
It's in there with your white privilege
Coming Soon to EU, in December Event Calender with fun and engaging X-mas events.
Yes, because it's not like certain guns where designed to go on the sentry and vise-versa right?
Wait people are mad about that?
**Tintangel** sounds more organic
The high notes are at the far end of the guitar neck, right?
I hope you get fired
Oh because Tinder is the pinnacle of social interactions and decorum.
Yeah man cow farts are 100 percent oxygen
Don't you mean Team North America?
Wait, so you're saying this won't get women turned on?
Zacapa 23 is better than Zaya but it is about twice the price where I am and I wouldn't say it is twice as good.
Evolution is amazing!
While I can see the logic behind your opinion &amp; am inclined to agree, the details of the contract between Sony and Hello Games regarding NMS has not been disclosed.
Replacing Alm and Celica with two edgy self insert characters
Wait, I thought you guys were going to miss a game this year?
Ikr, i was going for the ~2012 Delta look.
But apparently Trump is the only one that talks about pussy behind closed doors
Yeah who builds a stand with a hole in the middle.
Is it organic?
No mods at all!
A glider/wings that you find in the end
Cause the nation was horrible before woman could vote.
"However, former IMF economist Ashoka Mody and the former Bank of England Governor Lord King, have argued that sterling was overvalued before the referendum and that the rapid correction will help the UK economy rebalance" Well of course - clearly we can all see that the value of the pound plummeting "almost" to record levels - is a good thing and not a bad thing
Announcing the long-awaited Stephen King Cinematic Universe?
You misspelled "yuge."
if the book maker made the book AND the glasses and sold the book as working with the glasses, and then the glasses started exploding and they said, hold on, we will replace the glasses, but then they started exploding, and you said hold on, fuck that, i'll wear contacts but the book no longer works because contacts run brail and you need something that runs book... in that case, well... you should have gone haddock.
Yes I am sure Tulsi is just intimidated.
yesssss and buf t34 its useless
We should make a genetically modified version of it that can withstand the temperatures and the bleaching and all that
Yes, because they totally have to state in the product details that it won't work with 3rd party software.....
Seems legit
Happy cake day!
Fucking pussy
Typical German with no sense of humor
Thanks for finding this new clue!
Can't we just drone them?
What compassion!
I bet he's a millennial, they're the selfish generation
But why can't I just sit here and do nothing while the women throw themselves at me?
What an amazing name!
A videogame temple/ dunguon of course!
The elbow, obviously.
Because the Kugelblitz uses a Panzer IV hull while the Coelian uses a Panther hull, so obviously the Coelian is better.
iPhone master race
We don't need to protect women from powerful men, only weirdos.
Have you tried making a budget?
WHY DO YOU HATE AMERICA?
Expose the business why don't you!
You dropped your
Enjoy your prison term!
Yay!
It's worse cuz she hides being a liar and crook.
That poor kicker... ugh it hurts
Your
Typical fucking game, appealing to the male fantasy.
Not only American, I guess.
"Cultural Appropriation!!!"
no, Its Brampton, everyone is a terrible driver here.
Don't bring your logic and reasoning in here!
What was the IV
Are you sure?
CA laws are pretty restrictive, most of the laws get passed because of certain instances and legislators want to get their name on something.
This subreddit ain't big enough for the two of us.
What do you do with the yolks ?
Why not is there a specific reason?
Yes I've been to round one
Ooh, domestic abuse jokes, soooo funny
Just another formulaic Marvel film.
What a douche.
What company did you do that with?
Some faggot.
Yeah i know right, this is the only site which gives its users an opportunity for a unique password.
cameras, celebrities, yeah sure the other guy had no idea anything was going on
Yeah, because what we need is even more gamemodes
It's not like the OSRS engine is vastly different than the 2016 RS3 engine or anything...right?
I was genuinely shocked and impressed that MT resisted the urge to put DD with patches
Yeah honestly its a fucking shame that people in dia play for fun how can these ignorant assholes do that
Which is why they're running on the most liberal platform in history.
But politifact said Hillary is an angel so it must be true
Those are impressive stats.
I know from first hand experience that the non-fancy parts of the plane are simply a sea of debauchery... cause you know we are the unclean masses you never have to come into contact with... it's cause we are stupid and unwashed.... thank God (the God of poor not your rich God) someone said something...
but you have to be an Alpha male who don't care about her opinions
We better not be in those 3 you SOB!
Team you lost to almost lost to unranked NC State
So wait, the internet isn't actually based on first assumptions?
I'm starting to wonder why I'm educating a wildling ?
Sorry but we did not make it to that stats funding level during our kickstarter
"Oh shit, I forgot I was supposed to write a book"
Why would I regret it?
If your offer is still up im down
Yes, more black and less color please.
You're*
I see Cousins shitting the bed and Romo becoming a redskin...
he is being himself .
Who's this Romo to I speak of?
Just ask locktrap
Everybody knows only Tesla makes auto driving cars
Niantic will surely implement a positive change like this!
See what you don't realize is they have no title and just baited you all into choosing one.
Men who don't like hairy women
So where do you live again Darth_Tyler_?
Oh, just like spirit
anything less than slark is no vision to me.
Yup, arming the locals in the Middle East works out just *great* for us.
Condensed milk, lots of condensed milk
but muh freedom?
Because you save money by not needing to buy the pool cues and balls
But it will help curb emissions and its revenue neutral
Perkz obviously!
You had to bring up Messi in a Ronaldo thread
Wiener wrap a wiener wrap a wiener wrap!
Please consider cross-posting this type of article in cs.CL so computational linguistics researchers can easily find the article.
Well obviously because that plot didn't target Americans.
Ah that would be convenient, but I've actually got Priority Pass membership which (I think) will only get me into the club on the F concourse.
yeah that "proven" team that changed botlane to a, on paper, slight downgrade which caused them to completely collapse was the safe bet
This def sounds like her.
And they released a new single this week, called "The Stage" Kino stage?
Only the greatest captain in the history and future of Starfleet.
Dragonglass, valyarian steel, or fire.
WHEN OUR TEAM LACKS A TANK, WHY WOULDN'T YOU PICK A HANZO OR A TRACER?
What if the universe is a huge caterpillar, and it's expanding because it's growing, and that caterpillar will die one day, and that's would be the end for all?
It's her turn
I hope nothing happens to these fine treasonous gentlemen
Well this is a shock
Yeah, that guy certainly doesn't want anyone looking at him.
Because that's so different to the other bullshit videos he's put out
True MLG hits the shot before touching the ground
Wow cool screenshot, tells me all I need to know about the game.
Is that Shattercock?
Survivors aren't meant to survive their games or outsmart the killer, they're meant to die
America is on his side and he'll win veto
But as we learned from our god CNN its illegal to have or read any of the files.
It's useful to be understanding of others because your high horse is only helpful to your position if you don't fall off of it.
yeah i heard thats why adele covered covered her entire body
It's just the new algorithm
Wizards hasn't printed good cards since Urza's block!
Joy in BvS, haha you liar
Duelyst is really a straighup copy of Hearthstone!
4 staffs **orgasm**
Omg you totally convinced me to vote for Trump
full body Monstercat fursuit
Are you blind obviously he's a recovering man spreader.
Darn, I was hoping it would've been League of Legends instead of (SMITE).
Just PM me and I'll probably get pretty close
Ive seen a bronze player with Triumphant Ryze, so dont give up
Only problem is someone has to get married when all of the fun is over
Forgot the
Like the one on rideau street
Such a beta thing of you to say.
I just realized perhaps one "moral" of the story is that ignorance is bliss in a way, and this constant searching for a truly non-existent ultimate truth only causes us pain and suffering
I think by the Warriors you meant "The Greatest Team of All Time"
At this point, what does it matter?
Backing off...backing off...backing off...^^backing ^^off
Bad time to ask what it would fire the rail guns out of?
wait, that's not normal?
I'll have you know, I'm a redditor and this comedy is much too low brow for me.
Women drivers.
Hello miners, please run Bitcoin Unlimited!
Had no clue Ryan Lewis was a professional interviewer.
go kys yourself
You dropped this
Yeah this totally happened
good thing they turned down that oculus money, imagine how dumbed down the game would have become
That is possibly the most Canadian law ever passed.
Neltharion's Lair, those have some nasty AOE/targeted dmg that you can't do anything about (except stay out of range of, hard to do as melee) ;).
Gentoo.
No EA is the Devil and we should all boycott them.
But it's the algorithm.
Now we see, feminism is just another pawn of the patriarchy....
You forgot
Don't know about you, but I don't eat on the toilet
damn you GGG, destroying peoples builds midleague...
Thous aren't leafs, their butterfly's, goes great with the summer skull mtx
Yeah, THAT'S the appropriate response.
Ugh, those racists!
Sometimes you gotta suck dick to realize you don't like dick.
Answer A, obviously.
I thought the power rankings were quite fair this year, obviously SKT 1st EDG/ROX close 2nd and 3rd and then the next best team is obviously TSM.
Well that was unexpected...
Yeah Fuck the constitution right?
Whales dont like your post, they worked so hard for their gear and getting an equalized PvP mode would be unfair for them.
nope if you can find one socially malformed hillary clinton supporter, it does not negate the obvious observation that the average trump supporter is less educated, more racist, and woefully misinformed and propagandized about very simple and obvious facts of their reality they live in irrational denial of
Damn white lone wolves!
So then never i guess ..
Sounds like a coincidence.
Nomas pa que se acuerden, acuerdense que los que cortan manos son los musulmanes, y donde hay musulmanes hay terrorismo, y donde hay terrorismo, ocupamos imponer democracia --US of A
I prefer the all starter items build, works wonders
Just the one, Ben Woodburn for Liverpool U21s/18s
I'll go ahead leave a comment of my opinion of the article as well, stupid me
You can throw shroud down and throw a Q and wait for the cooldown to come back up and auto Q auto E and if you are lucky the other person is a fucking idiot and will just stand still and let you do that.
I really want this to be a thing.
no man it's clearly nothing
I don't think Craig would approve of this behavior lmao
as if we'd do anything
You guys are the type of person that gets confused when they add new deck slots lmao
Yeah I hate how Blizzard *forces* us to buy lootboxes, I wish we could earn them some other way
Mature.
Wow this thread is off to a great start
You mean the siberian-canadians?
It's been 22 hours, i think your reminder didn't work
there are other social media sites?
And you know this because :P
No, I swallowed it ;)
It does sound fun...Pin the tail on the murderous beast, drinking human sized flagons of mead, gore your own human interloper...good times haha
We need a space station survival storyline, stat.
Sounds like you ask need to find out.... For science
What polls?
Sheldon Cooper.
The evil yahoodis out for the muslims again!
Interesting
It's a good thing we decided not to wait until December to wait for Lacy to get more carries....
If only we could take some elements from Souls games without taking every single one.
I mean... those things.. could be there.. just be.... you know... really, really rare....
Sorry.
What did he expect from a card named FU?
NO GIRLS ALLOWED IF YOU'RE A GIRL LEAVE NOW SERIOUSLY IT'S NOT SAFE HERE THIS IS MAN TALK
Somebody hasn't explained to her yet that common sense term limits are "racist"
I shall try flipping prescription medication then lol
Isn't this from Dark Souls?
Search bar brah....
The former, because the chaste females must never know that god sees it when the men touch their own penises.
Wait... Where is the cheese?
We should end the drug war so people like him can go free.
It's clear he doesn't want to be here IMO
Theres people coming around door to door doing furnace inspections, I am sure they can help out
TIL A-1 is from china
Will be a pretty popular decision
I guess that is just what happens if you can't pass a credit check.
Thank for you're informations.
Seems legit - def cop
I forgot...
Obviously it's so you have enough time to go out and buy a shark card to replace all that money you spent on a buisness.
"Because that doesn't happen here, that's something only _they_ have to deal with because of their terrible governments!"
Shhhht.... Islam and sharia is perfect!
YOU SHOULD APOLOGIZE FOR VOTING FOR TRUMP
Just a small little blip on Germany's stellar march towards a glorious multicultural future
You're just not deep enough
Clearly they're taking a step back and letting the economy sort itself out on that one
I wonder why he posted that here...
Rich Piana is clearly natty.
quagan likes you
Well they did it with DE didn't they?
Fresh take on song apparently means hearing women screaming because the guy stepped on stage 10/10 added so much to the song.
Lewis should also be fined for standing on Blount, then.
I meant Jackson...
We do?
I think her genius is showing
Does it really matter as long as they are brown?
Already coated in alcohol
Have you heard of National Treasure?
I wanna say yes, but the I looked under the trampoline, so I don't know what the truth is
One would think all those quadrillion miles logged by thousands of Teslas should have been enough for them to learn what a bus looks like
Taylor twellman ...
It's all them gosh darn riggers
You forgot this
You forgot the
Nothin a handsaw, plastic sheets and elbow greese cant solve
Glad to see you've joined the local cult!
Not even for sparkle crotch?
How is this downvoted
Pretty sure our intelligence agencies would know if they had a close relationship, just to make sure they're not conspiring against us
You mean you have another purpose in life other than getting married and having kids?
Lol don't try we don't understand ourselves XD
When I upvoted this, it said: "Today is a dark day for truth" XD
Maybe if you're not very intelligent.
Sick pivot Trump
You're so uncultured...
wow the advertising in Reddit is getting out of hand
Id die fighting the MP's who come and try to take me before being used as someones tool.
it's only the ones where he didn't win that are rigged, I'm sure.
Loopholes, amirite?
Did you know that sometimes aborted babies are pushed back into the womb just so they can be aborted again?
Media is RIGGED.
I'm in the same situation, I have no idea where it is at.
But he was going so fast he had to cross the lines in order to not wipe out.
They specifically left out the picture of him bending over
no i believe it sticks with
You forgot
So our Parliament hoots and eats mice?
Those gays ha, they are sure disgusting.
We got a good circle jerk here, take your facts elsewhere!
ya for sure they are gonna mount it on the hood so it gets maximum airflow
But the blue jays suck
Obviously you're not working hard enough
I can't believe they're making me own 2 copiesof Skyrim
Nah, South Park did an edgy election episode and I feel confident letting a show for teenagers do my political thinking for me.
Aka: We eliminated the lowest drop possibilities?
Oh, no don't
Population control... yaay
age restricted tag
Owwwww...really, that almost proves he's a murderer.
So astute.
He ended the birther movement remember?
if the car color is black, it could get shot at
But what time is it in Arizona, who doesn't follow daylight savings time?
I think they were there overnight and it was with his son Owen.
Except those Palmer fans who are not, but fuck 'em amirite?
Nope, it shall be the one thing in all of comics that will never change.
Yeah, that sounds like something more appropriate for the NFI list.
Especially when most just whack it into a case, so it's just a screen just like any other phone.
Best bones, sire marrow
I want kinect Star Wars taunts.
Its a good thing Obama spent the last 8 years building all those FEMA prison camps.
That's because the liberal elite are trampling God's word out of our school texts.
What's that?
Because he's a righty and they are accounting for that in his targeter
You must be in a 7 figure tax bracket.
Yep, we're going to need proof OP, otherwise your future submissions will be discredited as fake titty bimbos
He's the 400lb hacker m8 don't fat shame
don't forget the
Oh hell no bitch do you even have standards?
Is this part of the Marvel Universe?
Looks like a young PK Subban
Everyone knows that You should always carry a 2-3kgs professional grade DSLR around you at all time.
You need to craft each piece individually, I doubt that you will need to equip all six legendary armor pieces to get the effects if every piece have its own animation.
How classist of you!
Hey, it's her turn remember?
It was her dog's choice to not eat.
Yeah but he hasn't scored 4 goals in a game since game 1, total bust
If that's the worst that could happen, I'd say that's a pretty safe bet!
Yeah man, that Cadiz, waste of a summon.
Clearly, you are a lesbian
Watch it till the end...clearly rape
He meant per unit, not the set
You say that yet there is an mp pot stuck in your inventory... that's more unplayable
Warding is the support's job, I need gold for items
Pretty much someone has to ask you to leave and you have to refuse for it to be trespassing.
You might have better luck with single girls..
Yeah, no reason to let a foreign, oppressive government get closer to your election process
Team mates that just throw their life away because going in 1vX (insert number between 3 and 5 for X) is an awesome idea in their head, then proceed to BM their team via VGS for "not helping" while they are X levels down on the enemy support... had this experience yesterday with an Apollo who managed to somehow be level 13 22 minutes into a Conquest match while even the enemy support was level 17, but you know, wasn't his fault since he was top elo and the rest of the team threw the game
Here, you dropped your
That's what they all say before they leave
Finally a comment with actual logic.
More like pussy tip
Sounds like you just found your own problem and are unwilling to fix it
None of the famous blizzard employees played WoD at least.
Why are they masked?
I think that is the reduced sugar ketchup label.. That should help
TIL your uncle is racist
Idk man Howard is seeming like a terrible 5th round pick.
You misspelled nothing manacle scatter grenade.
Yeah, it should be placed in the sprawling metropolis of Providence
What do you mean, vote fraud happens like 31 times out of a billion it's nothing to worry about!
Dayum, boy!
Alex Jones' record of predictions is impeccable
cis scum
Except the sex one :P there's always merit in having more [good] sex :D
Yeah, that's definitely the sign of someone who just won the debate.
GRRRRRR well if you're a guy das cool if you're girl you scare me
Nice ignoratio elenchi :)
There is no way this could not be accurate.
Making America great again.
Nah, they're still registering.
You could always make a new universal package manager I'm sure yours will get picked up and solve the fragmentation problem :^))))
Did you just assume my gender?
Worse clipping than Charr tails?
Get console games then
of course...
Yeah, if you're actually SMART you'd agree with me!
Don't record in the shower.
The Devil
Don't forget to tip your waiter and I'll be here all week!
That's ludicrous!
Not even enfant?
because they use Samsung memory modules
At first glance I thought that was Matt Serra
im yee_lmao1's apprentice.
As long as it is capitalism working as intended then I am ok with it.
This doesn't make sense, Wally is not Barry's mentor so he can't be the bad guy.
If you're not scared to lose a fist fight, you've already won in most situations.
But back in those days you had to pay for ice deliveries and oats for your horse.
agreed
A girl I went to highschool with was from that town, it was a real source of pride for her
Avatar 1 is completely broken -- the mods really need to crack down on that level of power imbalance.
It's been downhill for him ever since he left Northampton.
I personally would want everyone in attendance to receive a life-size Fat Head, anything less than that is worthless
Mid-game trade brewing?
Surprise!
No excuse
Because the US never kills civilians in war
Same.. and I was kicking myself for choosing Amat over Kingsley lol
Well, she did make that law that is confiscating all those guns from you.
So in conclusion, use both and the good will balance out the bad?
When deciding on new hires, shouldn't their genitals be most important factor, either qualifying them or disqualifying them based entirely what kind they have?
I... think I might hate you!
Try using USB 2.0 Port on your pc instead of 3.0.
Can't tell if
If we're basing this off results, then sure, the 2-1 in groups maybe isn't a good indicator, but given how EDG have performed this entire tournament, I really don't think they have any advantages against H2K
Apparnnetly soon there will just be one all powerful company but that's not constraint of trade
Nope, you wanted to fuck each and every single one of them....
We just need Timmy Thomas back
#NAME?
you forgot his bitchin' bong, cause you know, bongs are like, $20.
Maybe an unedited 16 minutes?
Wait, you actually use your phone to make calls?
He's just pushing Brodie's face with his elbows
We need the help of China
While we're at it lets have Roadhog's hook prioritize squishies because his role is to pick off people.
Ignore this advice you'll be sick less than a week!
Solid investment advice.
i for one welcome our ancap overlords
because it's pwned by the chinese miners
Raging Dead Giant Head?
That moment when you realise you've got a scat fetish.
We should just wait until next year then get Lamar Jackson and run option all day
Yes, because rather than 1 person having sex outside marriage, two people will, as that will give a 'balance' to the relationship.
I'd love to think of what Britain would look like without nuclear weapons, because everyone knows that MAD was a complete failure of a policy right
send it to kerala or better nagaland.
Jeez, you don't have a lightning port that connects directly to your brain?
Has to be dropped immediately
She could stand to lose a few ozs around her belly button
Maybe just make a law that women can only be x amount of drunk by BAC and anyone caught overserving them gets charged.
I spent $ on a chest and didn't get what I wanted boohoo
What game is this?
but corporations are people
Where I live suburbia is well known for it's roving white cotton glove gangs.
Some YouTube hero finally used that mass blocking feature.
I see Tom Hardy.
Better watch the tracking number, it might get intercepted in the mail
Right, because Iraq and Libya were exactly the same situation.
god sake now i cant even look at the video because its so big and noticable
Women don't poop, silly!
Here I am just trying not to play it again until the remastered version is released.
Practice operations against Pakistani tanks
I do the same thing I feel so bad when doing it
Surface doesn't have a 20" screen or a 7200 RPM HDD, so it obviously can't run this.
Maybe it's because they don't have a Q button
Yes out of combat regen helps you so much late game :))
No its a shadow ban
OH MY GOD I SEE THE BLACK HELICOPTERS NOW
the big lebowski predicted 9/11
Him saying it, could turn a lot of people.
1 peso q hijo de tu madre
That's really cute... and gross haha.
muh cultural appropriation
Totally valid excuse to kill your child
Well you already have a bat in your hands so might as well kill him
He's obviously one of those traitorous Republicans that turned against Trump
i logged off DOOM to read this garbage?
Yea, any minute and they're cancelling the 2nd amendment....
sarcasm is a hard thing to understand without the
The kliq because they all just loved the business
well, somehow he got gold for it, maybe i should repost this tomorrow.
You did the right thing, thank you
hal orang islam je, kafir jangan campur tangan amirite
I'm shocked.
Let "regime change" begin!
what u gus dont get it they lost to the team that lost to the champions so its still okay that they lost to ssg if ssg loses finals, hence in the end everyone at worlds performed great.
If only there were hunter education courses that taught this stuff...
Probably a coincidence
Well maybe you just don't live in one of the neighborhoods where police aren't allowed and are governed by Sharia law
Man those 4 gideons they always have in their hand is such a pesky problem.
I think it's pretty much indisputable that Ana's grenade is the best ability in the game.
Yeah, it's not like every single F2P has done this...
Good luck finding a black drummer in Atlanta.
And i love to fight!
Forget about the Scorched Earth kibble chart, I'm still waiting on my kibble for taming dodos!
What's the difference?
The true American Dream.
He's always lolligagging around town, fucking cunt
Oh that make sense then.
His name is clearly STUNNED, why it's so hard for you to see?
listen to REAL pop music not this carly rae shit *flopheads* likes to listen to
You mean paid vacation
But but he blackmailed teammates...
The Final Solution.
Hey you never know, we might need those Mk 4 Droid Callers someday.
And Willis would have not allowed the ping expert to testify after KK objected on grounds that it make prejudice the jury to render a not guilty verdict.
Thankfully the campaign is only 4 hours long so it wont take long
You're on Reddit... You're not the minority here...
That's a Subaru not a dodge
"Ruby Rose.... you have silver eyes" -One of Ozpin's first lines.... Clearly never mentioned or hinted at.
Expect the release of the "De Lima Does Dallas" in the next few days c/o the current Justice Secretary.
In its long storied history
Fuel-air explosives, nuclear weapons, cruise missiles... absolutely not intended to kill anyone.
It's just boys being boys just outside of the locker room
Dvd's are old news get a blu ray or heck just watch shit on your computer
I think you mean *campaigning* #HESWITHHER
Nah man nothing to see here just Reddit making shit up
*Probably a bus hitting a sign*
So you wanna pick that up for me and send it out to MN then pal?
Yep they certainly "shipped the game complete".
64 Balance, terrible player sell him now!
Banjir di Bandung = musibah Banjir di Jakarta = azab
Everyone who is not for Erdogan is a terrorist.
If ya can't see the hops in the beer it aint beer
Yeah I hate getting new maps and heroes for free, rather buy a season pass
Mullen's knee cap bone problem was disgusting and disturbing.
switch by nintendo switch the great
Kurea Hasumi or Claire Hasumi
Gives it a kind of Enzo look.
wow what a downgrade from civ 5, you should be ashamed firaxis
Become Immortal and survive for a couple hundred years for that huge long reign bonus!
source?
So much for some of them being good people, I guess!
Mine is with Douglas costa 12 games 250 goals and 147 assists!
OMG WTF
Well there is no way in hell somebody else took the money and just left the wallet
Nah because Nashville would try to block CHI fans from coming more than they already try to.
Boo this man!
And Congress reps love it, cause everything in the country gets blamed on the President, when in reality it was probably their doing; then they get reelected endlessly!
Lawyers fees don't pay themselves you stupid centipede!
You know illegals don't count toward the census.
Current black livery is very fitting, as they can then use their 'Deepwater Horizon' brand.
Wow such a well written article!
#still, i'm using the pedestal before 3.20 as an example #also i use this heading a lot to make it stand out #I LIKE INTERNET-SCREAMING
no not at all
But that's somebody else's job.
Well its someones job to clean it...
That's communist democrat talk!
But wait...cudi has mental issues, so that makes Drake a bully
Sturridge should be sold next window
You seem to have forgotten the
A
Perhaps we could class MTX as a known bug
Quick, reduce the blocksize
12 inches, scrub.
"safe to say" not with apple it isn't
And taking advantage of that cheap housing is just called good business!
Baptism is basically waterboarding.
But if I give YOU the puck, then I won't have the puck.
Which director
great to see Lester rattled after a stolen base.
Bloody taggers ruining our art!
Kinda like sociopaths...
Just like during the doping scandal?
There is no way Niantec didn't do this on purpose.
Don't worry, it's fine because it's not the government
So that's why I've been sticking things in my ass as of late.
But Chayka is a top 5 Gm right?
Didn't even score 20 points fucking scrub
But how he will fight without arms?
Yeah, I think I read that in the New Yorker
Dam such a good deal, I bet you can run bf1 on ultra and hit 144fps
Archlinux packages
Yep that's it guys, SEND THE PIXELS BACK, it lost a speed test so its all over, phones shit now
yah man that's how it works duh
I think you forgot your
Because she is a mommy, how dare you imply that she keep her pictures of her baby to herself?
Women are robots and by her touching it, she demagnetized the key.
Im not gonna lie, I lost it with this... you really are quite clever, iampsychic.
Well you can't blame him can you, it's not like he can get out much and what else is there to do on the internet other than browse dank memes on Stormfront
Yea, cause Trumps a freaking genius
He is a CHAR
Well in that case let's just fucking murder him
Its a joke i forgot my
So you're the one making the boss tired
You dropped this:
How dare you attempt to bring logic and reason into this sub
I wish I could be top heals on a dps when the healer is slacking
Damn hipster kids, always needing their coffee...
"He's got six university degrees!!"
Of course it's RWBY!
Ofcourse some do, but because of the old rivalry between bmw, audi and mercedes a lot of germans don't support mercedes despite it being the only one in F1.
Right because it's so easy to find well paid work.
Arby's venison, sweet jesus
What a waste of your height, please tell me you are at least a professional jockey or F1 pilot?
Yeah, further depleting our bench is what we need in this situation
Sound antisemitic to me
sparky needs more counters, that's why
Ikr I totally agree, they need to stop over-sexualizing roadhog and especially junkrat smh
Point and click skills
Macromedia Flash
Hey, are you trying to use "whataboutism"?
Uhhh, it wasn't us... It was those indians.
cOLD mOLD on a sLATE pLATE
Literally Unplayable, uninstalling as I type
"Fair Price" = $39.99 for cosmetic armor for only a single faction.
never seen that before
op with deathlord and majordomo
These zombie response vehicles never get old.
with deceptive athleticism and true grit ... he really brings his lunch pail to work
Restless anticipation for the next weekend, on wich I will do sooo many things
But the public as a whole can be punished via fines being paid w tax money, that makes sense.
Bully!
Isn't everything rock post beatles
Or turn the tap off.
But every other button produces a character
It's the smog.
Drink more ovaltine?
*puts on tinfoil hat* And a muslim immigrant from Syria
oh yeah that's unique to NZ alright
Never underestimate the stupidity of the public
Faker ate broccoli on stage after winning worlds last year.
Marcos ~~pa rin mga ulol~~
To hinder the ISIS air force.
Every day.. every day...
Bob Lutz must be super happy right now!
Yeah come on guys segregation and racism isn't segregation and racism if it's the (dreaded) white people having prejudice views and actions placed upon them.
Whoops, looks like the Florida polls are rigged again
And rattata relates to rats somehow!
Username checks out ;)
Nope the original "you are doing it wrong" was right and you are, in fact, doing it wrong.
T-Mobile has half of each AT&amp;T and Verizon which is still over 68 million people.... Not many people though, your right
You seem pretty agressive.
Well, you're American so.. ;)
didn't you see the lighting port?
Your uncle works for Mother4Team
Despite how it might sound in my first paragraph, I'm not clamoring for a StarFox64 clone, just for a game that uses the same easy control scheme and combat design.
What, you don't think a touch bar is the slump buster they need to turn around their first decline in revenue in 15 years?
sure i mean just look at religion, you can't call it bullshit
Friends of pedophiles or just pedophiles themselves lol
Guys everyone knows Wally's a ghost...
You can't sell this look without perfectly sculpted nads, OBV.
Oh, I see, you make a very convincing argument
[Delas Moonfang.]
You dropped this
Petitneeb
But you can go to Five Guys down the street and get 6 potatoes worth of fries.
Well, if you had them do it, you can hardly blame them for following through!
Didn't you hear, government jobs aren't real jobs?
Yeah, but I don't think I've posted it to this subreddit before.
Tony Romo to start in the superbowl confirmed.
Yep exactly I mean if operational now means floating in the water with a flag, then the Yorktown is the oldest operational carrier.
A douche killed my father!
OH YEAH LET'S JUST DIE FROM A SHOT THAT WAS STACKED 13x OVER, DEALING 2k+ DAMAGE, DESTROYING YOUR PROGRESS INSTANTLY, SO EXCITING
Sorry to hear that?
It's obvious... The old one for sure!
What a third world airport LaGuardia is.
Thats why it isn't visible without a phone
Damn millennials always demanding things without earning them.
Great, now that song is stuck in my head.
Take luck and care of it!
It's only terrorism if you have brown skin or worship the wrong way.
Yes watching Dani sleep or talk over everyone, Krissy whine, or Jason bitch about Shelby is soooo much more entertaining
I think I saw a blinking in the sky as well, could it be a sky morse code?
Such a Grand ol Party.
Haha... nepotism at the highest level
But christians can't be tarists hurr durr
is it in slow-motion?
yeah because fuck those company who wants money, right?
You forgot the
Damn, I was really hoping I'd *wake up* dead.
hiroshima etc etc
Skeleton keys now have a chance to drop from radiant treasure.
Who cares, you just make cannons, that's 40 supply of probes
Makes me want to run out a buy it
Yes i'm sure the whole Manchester City name is ruined now, next stop bankruptcy
I'd say it's a steal, it's $200 cheaper than the new base model and significantly better
Could be, there are tiny LED flashlights you can charge by cranking a little shaft.
It's because they just love American freedom so much
Yea but who could ever trust the notoriously liberal Comey.
This is weirdly upsetting and hilarious at the same time.
Reading the essays strengthened my testimony.
It's duce, not duche, even if we can both agree that the duce was a douche.
Sounds like you're describing Reading, UK
B-b-b-but Trump says such mean things.
Still looks better than Infinite Warfare!
But he said he was!
What if Halak starts the first two periods and then we bring Greiss to finish it up in the third and not allow super soft goals?
Found the CNN Cuck.
lo bueno que los millonarios que usamos macOS lo entendemos igual por que una vez encontramos una app que dice "terminal" y fue tipo :O
Super Nintendo GameCube, have you learned nothing!
The calories just announce themselves to you!
Nope
what about getting beat by C9 challenger or getting beat by origen who's basically 3-4 pro players if the challenger scene was in it's purest form then yea if you get beat by a challenger team then you don't deserve to be in lcs but i feel like it gets tricky when stuff like c9 challenger happens
Yes
If your f2p why do grand challenges?
So we deplorable we elected President Obama twice and we must now be punished for it.
Trump is not going to destroy globalism.
Blops 2 because killa won champs
WITCHCRAFT
isn't it a well known fact that animals like to sew buttons into their chest for fashion?
So I guess they were booing him, or were they booing her as he called her out?
apparently
Well, I guess this is it, Trump is our new president
Is it a wicker basket or more of a lunch pail?
Why are you living with a bunch of toddlers?
Bruh.
Harald Hadrade included if I'm not mistaken.
BF1 looks fun
TIL Portland hipsters make Brooklyn hipsters look like average Joes.
I don't know whether to downvote you or upvote you for that :-)
"You are known by the company you keep."
Woo hoo go Tim!
She'll be free once the newest model comes out.
I'm still quite sure the government is just going to wait for his replacement to be sworn in before they pursue the joint sitting bill on the ABCC.
*jesus*
He talking bout his ex Kim Kardashian?
:(
Serge Ibaka update by Magics HC Frank Vogel...damn thats weird.
"Joe" was pretty good.
A sandwich.
First you got to have sex.
IIRC you are supposed to keep Vsync disabled while Gsync is enabled.
Apparently for Taunting on the spike.
Fuck it ZA WARUDO, MUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDA!
The lesbians I know seem happy.
When Merle called Glenn "a chinaman", Daryl assertively corrected him by saying "He's korean!"
Well when Obama starts the war to prevent trump from winning it will be trumps fault for running in the first place, duh.
Blasphemer!
Without the pipelines, how would all those chiefs be able to fuel up their 350 Super Duties and Ram 3500's?
First season since 2007 that I didnt go to any CFB games :-(
Ive seen ll300 guardians in a few matches, and they seem to compensate by playing better than those with 375 and up, it weird
DeMar says no
My only issue is I dont feel he's being genuine.
God help us all.
Right
PM you
TLC time boys!
no prob
I think anyone would.
God I love Killian.
I'll build a great infrastucture, and we'll make the Americans pay for it.
A lot of people throughout the streak on /NHL said both our streaks were unsustainable so someone came up with Unsustainabowl..
Just another reason that you can't overstate the importance and necessity of early and mail voting.
Apple would be doing some work to improve the speed and reliability of wireless charging before making it the only option of the iPhone
Blitz lookin good KappaPride
#Based Peter Thiel is so Awesome #Everyone Type **We Love Peter** in this thread
Because she's a demon and the spawn of Satan.
No enthusiasm.
lmk what you need and I'll add you c:
No
All jocks take it in December Ez test ez curve
No problem
I just think Gary is annoying
Can we get MOBAMA in 2020
Savage my friend
So horrific, they pulled it from theatres almost as soon as it was released.
Your entire argument against him is being too poor to afford a suit and if he *only* made 390k before taxes last year, he's literally in the 1% in America Admit it, you're talking shit and don't know what you're talking about
35% will be the salad days once they unleash the remaining oppo research these next 3 weeks lol We're all fooling ourselves if we think PussyGate is the worst they have on him, otherwise it would have dropped election week
I just like the triple alliteration chain you got going on there, that's a fucking fun sentence to say.
Such a good looking combo.
Yep!
Did Thanksgiving 2015 not happen?
It is perhaps the only thing Trump proposes that I can agree with.
People suck when theres no consequences for talking shit
See my reply above
2, just sent a party invite
Don't even joke about that Broseph.
Kanor .. when he grows old, trust he'll become a legend
It's a GOOD THING that a man like O'Keefe is on Trump's side!
Yeah but noone knows who the f Farve is
family member of muslim terrorist should either be deported or sent to gulag since they have questionable loyalty
It's 1 October
I just feel though that pack weight seems nerfed for fut champs rewards to some degree (not massively but still lower than usual), I have probably got like 1.5 million in rewards and haven't got 1 player 85 or higher, but I seem to get better pulls in sbc rewards, which I do less of and they are for inferior packs
just wonder, at what elo there is a chance to q snipe them when the gods come to na?
No, **YOU'RE** a girl on Reddit.
If you enjoyed Kimi ga Nozomu Eien or School Days you could continue, but it's IMO not worth.
The only thing racist is slavery, duh.
While continually being messed up by the sweatiest shotgun warrior in the match?
You know the Browns are pretty bad...
What makes you think so?
YUP, IT'S HIS FAULT WE COULDN'T HIT.
Well he's with the GOP, so their election rigging mostly comes in voter suppression flavor.
Ok then
I don't... But I have The Information Superhighway^^TM!
Thank you for Correcting the Record.
silly jess
Maybe the sun actually did shine out of her butt and she could see just fine, the way some customers act you would think it did.
Right, I thought especially a few archers would turn the tables easily enough.
Wish I had a baby Tom Brady :'(
"In a few weeks" Google's version of "the check is in the mail"
Just wait.
Was it Pizza the Hutt's palace?
Chiapas as well
Since I posted this they've dropped the trespassing charge and are now going after her for participating in a riot.
Canada will only accept if they convert to Islam first.
They are still propping up the establishment wing and the best part is when they finally fall the next in line seems to be the far left "democratic" socialists.
So are there only like 2 rookies starting this year?
Ah, I see what you mean
A bit too loud and energetic maybe?
I'm really missing out on the cinematic experience, gotta get my shit together.
Cabinet installer
You gotta love how "I'm from Florida" equates to "Sorry I'm racist."
The current last person on the feeds to say anything remotely negative about Shelby.
I'd rather his stigma than the Clinton stigma.
Well, get some popcorn cookin', because that or something like it is headed our way.
You're about to again, thanks to the incoming Administration.
I am excited for the upcoming one!
Muh Superman can talk the entire world into letting him rid the world of nuclear weapons.
Trump supporters gotta watch the polls, keep a lookout for any shady activities, if he loses it is definitely rigged.
The DNC was warned it would be like this...
Donations: 300 Only way he's still not level 11.
Because most people don't look at something like this and see ballsac
those devs must be thankful
it look a tiny too cooked for me
Keeping the big island free from these cunts
It is great for my turret
Meanwhile I'm still stuck on cleric beast :(
Yeah can someone link me a video how to?
Why was it only in the middle of the night for Europeans?
Obama played his race card, Hillary's playing her woman card so Americans are playing their Trump card.
i believe all the things that can drop in the one shot challenge are 100% chance try pushing as hard as you can while you can :)
Justin and Jason, pop a squat.
LOL
She cute tho
I'm surprised you didn't get nailed for racism for implying minorities have something to hide so they act normal and not jumpy
How your friend managed to make it about sexes is beyond me.
Well put
Nope
tellyour friends to stop buying AMD products the room will stop getting so hot
Im surprised that you could see it just from the comments section.
Given the state of Labour it may well be a blessing.
Probably quite a lot, had this been the other way around there would be vigils and breaking news.
Then one day they will find that they have finally got their own "safe spaces", at the back of the bus, their own schools, drinking fountains, their own toilets and park benches, then they will say, "wait... What the hell have we done?"
That's President-Elect Rich White man to you.
RIP birdy
Refused to click a link because it was a video and not a gif
P
Cause he likes Danish blue cheese
Why would they say that to the summer league Champs?
Was it actually just a box of light bulb parts
The patch notes say that because they were written by the developers of this game.
something is dying might be ark might be your graphics card
Its only been a couple of days.. lol
Was this on Bleeding Hollow?
Paid for by tax payers?
Merry Christmas!
It's triggering me that people would put Woonsa over Chiwu as leader.
Tbh, if he had all the gold in the world, the best early game build would be Scepter + Mj since u guys prolly wouldn't be able to tank the chains
Yeah, you would have done the same thing for a guy.
If just his skin is bulletproof, how the fuck did he break a guys hand so badly by getting hit?
The bomber buff changes a lot, destroys a lot more troops that did survive.
You can't, the human eye can only see 28fps
Your ability to transcribe simple sentences without failing grammar will be every grammar nazi's downfall.
well, you can search em on a site like league of legends wiki
ye, how can he pretend his flash hook is good when vayne actually knew the enemy wanted to flash that way, so she made her bolt home
I think most people are surprised, considering everyone considered them to be a top 10 team.
Hex graphs sound way cooler so...
RoT win fights when they have less or equal amount of people as well
you forgot the
Which region are you from?
Yes.
Yeup, the first impact does *not* have the piano in it like in here :/
You have been FM'd....sorry
And he's miles ahead of both
I believe if you server change you get reset to your original faction (East / West) if you truly don't have friends on current server might as well switch.
Except for the satanic rituals she does every day before she goes to war.
Ya because they're a whole race and the main enemy, not a made up food sooo....
you mean feathers?
but they've had the mini-30 for years unless they discontinued it and I didn't notice
It lasts until the 15th when Return to the Nexus begins (Peeve's event - not mine), so you still have a week :)
Does custom always mean "even better" though?
How does south Korea fit in?
Joe Buck is pure evil.
Remove keeb?
you can fix all those problems
G.G.
So bright, people in your path will probably die of skin cancer before you even roadkill them.
LOL I swear to god, I'm gonna find you and take you to the woodshed sparky.
The actress is Bella Heathcote
I mean we have a double digit lead, refs are probably confused about what is happening and thought they gave us 40 free throws in the first half or something.
inviting you now
Gun Grandpa is best
We have to approve the plan before we can see what's in it.
Just wanted to see its creator for the last time, maybe had a conversation pending
Oh no, don't repeal the Healthcare law that was forced through by one side, sold to the people through nothing but lies and caused my premiums to go through the roof, that would be terrible...
Then what would that make the african team?
In the alley on Kino was also nice to be in.
I don't know what that is.
Casey Neistat is annoying af.
junior seau was so fucked up he killed himself but shot himself in the chest so his brain could be studied CTE is no fucking joke
More people are buying the new 2018 Honda Civic than ever before!
Hopkins, cam, Josh Gordon.
Not me.
and charles is in charge of our days and nights.
When was Cloak and Dagger confirmed?
Source: Unknown
VERY lazy.
2 strokes is all i need
To many cucks in this thread.
But with cancer drops on rivens I don't have any real need for kuva.
the circlejerk is strong with this one
Or call Sam and Dean
0 fucks given.
yeah, libetards have had their fucking time in the sun, now it's fucking over no more crybaby agenda's, thank fucking god
I'm trying to think of how eating fish is anti-feminist, but I can't.
Mhmm, mhmm, and I'm a ninja turtle.
if he's doing it right and hitting your prostate, every thrust makes you feel like you're having an orgasm.
Well yeah, because even the most biased anti gun study found around 50k defensive gun uses any given year..
That glass in the middle is giving me anxiety
Dermatologists, run: Even just running for president makes you look more like FDR.
"Dicerz" cc is good
I knew this was coming the second I pressed the submit button.
After this election, I miss Romney too.
Who says I don't?
LMAO
I had those exact thought.
It's a success in every sense.Koi na rokega tumhe.
No she'll just have to buy her own clothes for special events now.
How little attention have you been paying that you think they're not angry at the ANC for wasteful expenditure?
Not really Romo has little value with his age, injury history, and contract
No, but it'll be incredibly difficult for us to get into the playoffs We need to win 3 or 4 of our next 5 and need the Dolphins AND Steelers to each lose 2 more games
To be fair, Wentz or not, we are rabid dogs sometimes.
Im not sure about the Playstation Gold headset but i have the Playstation Pulse Elites and they have a volume slider so you can make the sound louder.
Cryin Ryan will be BTFO
It is, which is why Trump has such a following.
You should Tracer cables before assuming it is a deadeye-p
Aphro is almost always Duo, Bio is solo.
I predict days if not weeks of angry masturbation
Work related ones ;)
Shit.
Yea other than that its just a piece of metal, and we've been casting metal reliably as a civilization for over 5000 years.
Next time we will put the camera on "slow motion" and I will run and jump like a man.
It isn't really comparable because what players do off the field now is magnified much more than it used to be, so the NFL can't just sweep it under the rug.
I about had a psychological meltdown I was laughing so hard at the Stephen Hawking description
It hasn't even been longer for ages now by the way.
Great isn't it!
Because money corrupting politics started within this decade.
Both Chromium and FF
They'll use that first minute to smear him after he's dead.
Or just quickly ADS, cancels out the jump aswell (For people who are not using bumper-jumper).
Only for others, for me its great.
Trump = coward
You are truly a visionary.
Basically a LoL, CS:GO or Overwatch stream basically.
Heatwave for black pulsus?
I'm with Jill
F2p pleb
and every mention of a bee in the script, leads to a replaceent to the nutshack theme which is replaced by the entire bee movie script which every bee is replaced by a binding of isaac run but every time NL says "bad damage" the nutshack theme starts over again
Its like those idiots on facebook that post a vague status and when somebody asks whats up, they say they dont want to talk about it.
Whenever I manage to flank a Panther II in my T95, I'm laughing like a maniac.
At least that girl makes it easy to see she's damaged goods and should be avoided at all cost.
Cock ring?
Plenty of fish etc...
Evan could you fact check this one on the fly?
###WRONG.###
I didn't say it was but at the same time getting publicly shamed by hundreds of people isn't a suitable punishment for acting this way it gets out of hand very easily in witch hunts which is why they are against the rules.
retards should stop feeding them crate money, if you continue to throw money at them do you think they'll care?
All regions play on the same PTR servers
The Muslim man who threatened a girl with a knife is a RAPIST MONKEY just like radical Islamist goat-fucker Sadik Khan No offence but it's true
"Oh god help me, Im so tired!"
But what if M'lady is rancid swine?
All those deleted voter registrations, poorly trained poll workers, siphoning money from state parties to Hill for America was just the work of the Russians.
And one of eleven other players.
He's definitely putting something in his fresh-squeezed orange juice.
No way that guy was gay.
Theres an Undertale joke to be made here, but I'm at work and I honestly can't be bothered.
Everyone: YES
Ahhh, in that case I think you might want to use this:
Looks like 5 Chems is the max for sure
Don Muhlbach deserves a 99 overall Longsnapper card
i remember a few emo desi kids that used to skate in high school, i myself wasnt very fond of it, i liked playing ball in the park more..
god, when will trigger jokes die
lol third periods
Working as intended
I always recognized the Comey's criminal activities as he used the power of his office to help his republican allies
If the GPU needs to be RMA'd, there's no point in keeping it in your machine.
Primary on their system.
Its so the grade above can have a "self understanding" year after HS and still be competitive
Explain the reasoning behind your claim of the probability (and don't just post a link to the simulation argument)
The difference is big, particularly on ewar drones like Sirens.
That explains a lot, actually.
Wrong sub mate, try r/piracy or r/piratedgames
no such option in official app, you could automatically copy videos to other non synchronized folder by using different app though videos are more likely take more space than photos so saving space wise it doesn't make much sense unless you shoot very few very short in low resolution
That Emmy-worthy banter between Sylvester and Felix doesn't count?
looks dope!
Ratios of words spoken, ratios of words typed, and differences between the two stats.
I didn't expect it until the 28th... Surprised me too!
I'm sure Trump will handle incidents like this with logic, reason, and tact.
When couldn't he see alistar o.O
High quality pictures, execute the rule of 2/3rds more
Unfortunately he is the High King of Louisiana.
Chortel 2.0
Exactly, fuck the BS narrative
I'm flattered by your hypothetical appreciation.
For University, what are the grades?
as soon as he mentioned obama and the fed.
I was just about to say that it was probably a very smart move, otherwise everything would be worth a fifth less right now.
To be fair, Trump is trashy, racist and sexist thereby making him more in touch with certain earthy Americans than Hillary Clinton.
That looks like a museum of antiquities than a collection.
Hitler hated Slavs though.
If the restaurants are spitting on your letters, I daren't imagine what you've done to piss them off.
He's not a parody of any one specific character from anything.
On the plus (ha...) side, Carr will throw for 5,000 and 30-something TDs if our offense keeps on the same track.
fair enough, but can I chose my secondary flair?
Most endorsed of all time in no time!
Looks like a good GM, the Jets have some great young guys
With Japan help.
Only once convicted.
Replied.
You do know Russia won WWII?
The Accountant.
Their aims are a bit more nuanced than it seems like you would prefer.
Yo dis place smell like shit ya-mean
# LORD KEK HAS SPOKEN
Any carbon based lifeform.
I have Osteoporosis
Game would of died long ago.
and yet he's still overrated!
^^What a lil' sensitive both , like OP.
Best FE6/FE7 girl Lyn got a damn good card Best Lord of all time Hector got a pretty damn good card I'm pretty happy with this.
Redrum.
And he stops in less than three of four car lengths can't be too too fast.
How does it feel knowing you are at fault for everything?
*minute.
I don't think even Mike Rowe would do *that* dirty job!
I'll bet you openly think the people in that video aren't racist, but I am for making fun of them.
What a shit-show.
Shrekt
FAIR point, now how can it be remedied/fixed?
Obviously this suggestion includes making negative amplifiers supported.
Helps my anxiety
That's literally 3 years longer than Drumpf has been asking for votes.
But that's their culture.
Victoria's Secret currently has a 50% select bras sale going on, btw
Nope, but I didn't shop around for a surgeon because I'm Canadian and I went to the same surgeon everyone goes to.
Yeah, I need to know!
I know I buy all my expensive legacy staples off craigslist...
comparing women to drugs lmaooooooo
......the dream theory says all of the games are dreams, meaning Goldie was never real.
That's a fine belief to have... but it is not supported by the reading of scripture.
I shift Whenever the engine goes "waanananananananana!"
No, that just proves that all Fox execs are in the special hell.
Mission planning looks none too sophisticated.
Alright I have it plugged to 3.0 but If i have any problems i will switch to 2.0
Yes, to a presuppositionalist a bear in a cave may not even be sufficiently likely.
Get off of Reddit and figure out "Smart" Track!
no its IW
Shyamalan-style plot twist: The sis died years ago.
I like wearing orange more than white so it's a pretty big deal
Because you have the Supreme opinion on the matter
The only YouTube video I've ever saved is The Backwater Gospel.
Boy, I bet that was worth it.
I feel like a legitimate DOOM twitter would be hilarious if it was in-character
We hate each other so much we won't have anything to do with each other.
the game doesnt need to be any easier
You can pause the game in FACEit, it's the more likely cause.
reminder: different teams for balance, release skins, and maintenance gyfr
I think he is just writing keywords to come up in internet results "mr modi modi modi kyun gaand mari meri " gets you views and that is most important
He got carried by Kindred?
A good doggo but A faithful companion but The question is what
So... Every politician ever?
Most ADCs aren't designed to 1v1, you need your team to peel for you.
Ssssnek thirsssst
Lets piss somebody off beyond belief AND THEN start recording.
and a deserved buff
They're trying to move into streaming, all of these moves are slowly helping them build their presence on consumers' mobile devices.
Thats kinda the point Poindexter.
To be fair, they were a bit busy Russian around after WW1, what with the Reds v Whites and all.
More like a team in the locker room after the game throwing a hail Mary into the toilet
Or has to battle it out with a bunch of other immortal lab rats in *The Gathering*.
I've never seen them together...
His character, *not* his actions.
Well he is already injured (not sure if you knew and just mean more injured) and he hasnt practiced so far this week and may not practice at all, but is still expected to play.
**Prepare yourselves for...** [*Another disappointment probably*]
At least he knows where the eggs are too
Have you verified it with Phi Phi?
A good guess would be those parts where elephants were common.
I'm not wild about the religious exemptions hospitals get, but, if they're doing this to women (and they *are*), then the trans get to suck it up too.
People have been saying this for a long time.
Backily the broke fall his luck.
Neuer is shaking in his boots already!
Why would you...?
Autobots, roll out.
Doubtful.
Rosie O'Donnell can't freeze fish into ice
For a moment, I thought they were talking about *the* Kennewick Man.
Sorry, but if you think this sub is full of critical thinkers, you aren't one either.
(((Me)))
Que Picante y muy picoso!
Older, probably.
Yep.
Why the fuck is this not getting attention...damn trumpes.
I..I honestly don't get people anymore...
wow another posts complaining about armour and physical damage you must have a really good understanding of why armour is shitty at the moment.
i dont know what the fuck you're talking about
I usually use the Hidalgo garage without much trouble, but I also tend to go when it opens and not stay long.
Yeah but he didn't throw for 300 yards
Gas station would be good.
KeK
A good mixture of protein, fiber, and carbs makes for a great suppository that helps cut back on the need to eat.
As a Minnesota sports fan, this is the most shocking thing that I keep noticing every week.
Which is why he's mad.
Asus
Culturally enriched to death by peaceful moderate Muslim migrants
Last year I compared votes from western fans for Chinese pros with the reverse and based on that ye, we know way more about their league than they do about ours.
How do you feel about the Tokyo metro map?
Irrilevante visto che non dipende da questo.
Ted, you're embarrassing yourself.
Can confirm
It really is an amazing movie
Relevant typo.
When did I say the law doesn't care?
someone legitimately got an 8 from the rng box in my clan yesterday
Sweet
graveyard was the Halloween card.... smh...
I wasn't even mad when my school was eliminated because the Crying Jordans made it so worthwhile.
yeah they would
Troll level- Diety
But don't actually get rid of it, put a tapper on it!
Or wait for them to be upwards of $70
After he gets out of jail?
I have this happen sometimes if DSR is enabled on my system.
My apologies, I just remembered Holden being aussie
I like your face.
Did porn lie to me again?
Still unconstitutional....
Or as Creationist Cat calls them, S.uper J.esus W.arriors
And Terry cruise was suppose to be his long lost brother.
Until you realize you get less graphics/everything quality and many times not even 60fps.
Hey UGA's girls are wild in the sack
Barack Obama's only had the one wife.
I don't really think that's actually true, and the fact that judges often rule in *favor* of courts and cops losing money, especially as you travel upwards in the court system, really shows that.
what does it do tho
Yes but your direction forward is their direction backwards.
I thought about putting that but figured it was implied.
Just use their weapon as a memorial.
Me too thanks
Seems more like BCND territory...
Spot on.
Not stupid at all, the definition is very blurry but I always saw it as delayed hitscan.
Foreigner here, isn't the Senate part of Congress.
Take the photos in front of a large mirrored or reflective surface so people can tell she is not the tripod taking the photo.
Why do people talk shit about this model boat?
Why's that?
Was this our work?
But 99% of NA fans doesnt count S1 so I didnt counted it too.
Found the Ivy-League alum!
Isn't quite interesting how it appears to only work one way?
Be old school and get Rogue Squadron.
This bug is pretty gamebreaking for an optional update.
And let Artemis traps act like springs when she walks over them
It has.
The way they used to do it was so lame
She was better after she had some water..
LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL
yeah, his rallies are just like back in the ol' days man- can't wait to start the lynchin'...
Ah gotcha
nice pixel art my friend
Get it together, game designers!
that's not cheese that's how you play jax.
The Syndicate
Here I think it was moreso panic than a well thought out decision.
Tone would be useless without her shield.
And in 500 years it will get colder again as we head into another mini ice age like we had between the years 1300 and 1900...
men patterns no matter, 8k awp asiimov men ))
Because Bridgwater and Yeovil are the chav capitals of the world.
If she used protection and it was an accident then she didn't consent.
Hahaha, fuck off ya aussie cunt
He wins nothing since this is a maxmillion and not the jackpot number :p
Richard, Take him home.
I would like to see them make the micro usb plug more secure.
#2EDGY4ALLOFUS
How is she able to affect your mood when she's not physically around and how long have you guys been together?
That 5 yard curl wouldn't have done shit.
I like how the tweet felt the need to parenthesise the names of the players accomplishing these feats.
Except for... you know... the whole non-QB thing.
mistar pls
I got ahead of myself :(
aite, i'll have to pass.
Nice
But this is an issue that received national attention &amp; therefore gives these athletes a great opportunity, great momentum, to talk about issues affecting them and students of color on the UW-Madison campus.
Well i defenitly don't recongize them!
Okay Ghetsis
How do you even run out of digital keys
Plus LSU was originally "Deaf Valley" and it sort of got morphed.
Something, something, NAMBLA, something...
I'll have to ask my brother in Omaha to BOLO for it.
that sounds extremely quixotic
#Bestfansinbaseball
Now there's 4
Haha I wonder why...what a joke
Ya, because we really want Trump in the Whitehouse.
Not enough slavery
I leave my computer unattended while I download frequently, so I am very happy to have been here when shit caught on fire..
That was never said ....
but you don't want to get used to 144hz and always want it from then on?
my point was that they do change
It only makes sense if Ford was the one using Arnold's Bicameral Receiver
Ew this copied call of duty Run on walls Customization First person shooter Double jump
Sadly, it seems you are right on the money.
I'm not sure but we have like 6 of those so if we combine them can we make a super bottom pairing defenseman?
Wanking it and falling asleep with your load on my face :(
Try taking painkiller for your head and then honey or green tea
Wii U will probably be phased out almost immediately, 3DS will be longer due to there actually being 1st party releases for it in 2017
Ussr
Rias Gremory is a character from an "anime" that sort of looks like the in game Gremory.
gotta pay the troll toll
With his cabinet picks he's actually giving further reasons to *dislike* him.
Hahaha as a Michigander I knew right away it was a MI poll
Why would you want to?
I'm a white person so I don't understand anything.
you probably never heard of aliexpress
Actually, plenty of comp players are regulars here, in fact, most people here have some experience with comp
My apologies for misinterpreting your post then.
Regardless, the thread was about one thing, you stayed talking about something else.
Underemployment is huge in the UK.
1.4 Points per game on a 25 year career to beat Gretzky's 1.39ppg.
He takes dreaming of a white Christmas to a new level
I didn't mean it like that... more in the absolute brutal way that someone who dies from a peanut allergy at age 4, doesn't go around telling people about her peanut allergy for 70 years.
Cougar fans are high end.
Africans, children, dyslexics... That sort of thing.
I think Wisconsin is great and love that you all hate it because it keeps you kooks out of the woods and off my water.
Humble brag.
It really is different when it's your own
Hashtag NOTALLPARENTS
speak for yourself
Fuck you lake coastal boy
that kills you when you fall asleep :D
PS4 *can't* do PS3 Backwards Compatibility, due to the architecture that the PS3 used.
Alone
But it's "Racial Realism"
4 because movement speed OPOP
That is a steaming pile of fecal material and you know it.
I'd love to but my leak is undergoing heavy rewrites.
maybe at some time you were using revive/potion to heal others but also revived and potion the fainted pokemon booted out of the gym.
K Den
If it wasn't censored, how could you tell it was Japanese?
Very true.
Just sweat
The ex that won't let go and Ronnie has no problem with it.
Come over to my place and we can have some emu meatballs, and we'll wash it all down with alkalised water!
just like with karazhan, they will do it about the time when it's done
ORAS was better than X and Y and FRLG were better than the initial pair of RS
bakuman has lied to us :O
In South Africa our minimum wage is roughly &lt;1$ Although our cost of living is probably cheaper too.
im dying to see oa in the dceu
Having Ohio and Florida rule over the country is somehow better?
anyone with half a brain knew you were being a troll.
It would be very shell fish to think otherwise.
As if they don't it already under Obama lmao
Ain't neva gon happn
The only time I've seen figs are in Fig Newtons.
lmao does anyone else see that some punk kids always get a career high on us or something like all the time.
DendiFace Kreygasm
A bit late but man are those AMAZING!
You could always get BO1 instead, less hackers and better matchmaking
Not only that, but it's likely that you'd be able to cover 10% more of your roof with solar tiles than with panels (unless you want to spend exorbitant amounts of money on custom shaped panels)
...oh, it's white girls, well, kids will be kids.
I get tired of people thinking they know better than the Syrian and Russian military.
He was ranked outside the top 350 just a week later, the standings just hadn't been updated at the time of them playing.
He's a competitive dude who probably believed that he could play through the pain.
I never said so?
Wukong
Better Off Ted
What's your channel's name?
phew ROBLOX's engine is the same from 2005 + 32-bit application + OpenGL
The cities vs everywhere else.
Not what I was looking for exactly but still good questions.
But we were discussing Diablo ya doof
Maybe any pokemon that is a 1km buddy?
Nasty
This is a pretty interesting idea.
Kumbha tits best tits
Well, we don't know he's alive...
That would be a waste tbh he is far better as a fundraiser and voice of the party.
How do they do the colors for stuff like this?
I never said you shouldn't be able to go ahead and have your fun just that comparing it to cars was pretty stupid
Adam James Bruce Elyse Gavin Geoff
Batiste is boring at best and cringey at worst.
As a Mom - I feel for your Mom lol Dad looked bemused but also seemed to be saying "Well, that's to be expected I suppose...." Mom - on the other hand - is completely befuddled LOL
Thanks so much, same for you :D
Lets just say this will be the only console I would really want to buy after joining PC Master Race.
If your playing a game to rank up rather than because the gameplay is fun you don't like the game imo, you just like waving your dick in the air.
I'm pretty sure they just realized that making cars is insanely difficult.
According to Lawlers law, that's pretty much what's already happening
*craic if you want to be more irish lol
What's the pun
Wild guess but did you tweak your controls on the Xbox accessories app?
It definitely is right.
It was no way as bad as today, that time being before the PLA came to power.
FUCK YEAH
You reversed about as far in to that hedge as you could - why?
Really?
Earmarks are a hell of a drug.
Trey gowdy Brutal honesty without being a sleaze bag
You're probably right
There was a joke?
Brick would just be a brick.
No, because he has adopted the superior culture that surrounds and flows through Trump.
Been doing this since summer of 2010
Makes you think
Half of the posts here are debating who might have done this and why, and I don't think we require formal debate to point out your logical fallacy...
Thatwasthejoke.jpg
From 1998 to late 1999 or early 2000?
Actually it looks to be only one side at the moment
Ask r/muaythai what they think of this.
I'm against it, think they should delete the majority of stuff and maybe make a small chunk of it go to the falador party room on the dedicated world.
And/or fuck that chair like he's headed to war.
Bigger as in stores who have larger buildings and more area for the hobby section.
They have earned their very own *busload* of special prosecutors.
sniff
Everyone knows he's a self serving douche but I doubt he'll be impeached but as long as people know for certain what an asshole he is I'm fine
Someone call Hannity to see how he's holding up
If she autos someone with an E mark, it stuns maybe?
Luckily you have a lot of choice who to vote for in the land of the free!
we dont believe in hierarchy, but you can ask questions at the anarchy 101 sub
Found the promo you were asking about
Cat.
you won one, lost one both close games
IIRC you get contracts, and the contracts determine what kind of planes and destinations you get.
maybe he forgot the
If Castro had the recessive gene than it is very much a possibility.
Gee it'd be a shame we don't get to see who he'd invite to sit next to Melania at the State of the Union every year.
It's hilarious that people think the super wealthy will just part with their money so others can sit around and do nothing.
IndieDB page
I know it's late, but I'm gonna abuse my mod powers and sticky this for a little while.
Let's play r/BlackPeopleTwitter or r/TumblrInAction
A fly.
I don't play hardcore, doesn't mean i can't share my opinion on the matter
Second choice for sure, the idea of all that spit gives me the heebies, the second could be trauma, could be reminiscing, could be sex dream caliber fun
Their personality, the connection between the two people, their chemistry, etc
Yea, but if I wanted good FPS, I would just play it on my PC, right?
What PSU?
* Madvillain * MF DOOM * Viktor Vaughan * King Geedorah * KMD
MSI Afterburner.
Not sure why they are mutually exclusive but I also cannot explain why freakazoids do what they do.
She even signs her name like a drunk
*Selling Limited Black Friday Edition Frank Ocean Sticker Pack: $400*
begged with a box of chocolates in hand?
The assaults AT rocket gun is really good, especially for shooting the people inside the airship.
It is slow, but I personally think slow fits the show really well.
well since you looks 3D and the guy looks 2D I pick 3D
yeah make it common af drop too!
It's proper etiquette in The Czech Republic to wait for the goalie to bet set up before shooting
I did "A" as a kid, so when I relearned how to replay with yoyos in my 20s, it was just natural to go with A.
I wouldn't know my fusion rifle kills them too quickly
brb stickin toilet brush up my ass
Jeez, I hope somebody doesn't get confused on their calendar tonigt:
Nobody said anything about volume.
Yay, commercials!
If you're not American, British, French, Canadian, or Australian, you're a goddamn commie.
For real though, I think every presidential candidate needs to play through Mass Effect and a game of Civ V.
So you think that there are no pressure groups on the right, it'seems just CTR?
Please record so I can laugh later
Not when Westbrook is averaging 50
good meme
Literally unplayable
GJ still doesn't know what Aleppo is
His dad's situation might have affected him as well.
Manly mofo.
Why, wanna send them to Danielle for when she gets home?
No, they didn't.
Wow this is an execution.
If you can't bear to watch us when we're up by double digits then don't let the door hit you on the way out, kid.
indian spice blend is a massive understatement
lol, k
It wasn't Allen robinsons fault his quarterback blows = Allen Robinson will win you your 2016 ff championship?
I'll be voting for Trump, who has a chance to win - so yes.
there must of been some unwanted comments or something
This is why we have wolves.
~14m last time I checked.
Hey that's my last name!
Meanwhile there is a HUGE shortage in French Immersion schools...
and republitards complain about campus rape and how under reported it is
I'd prefer a confessional Catholic state that allows people to practice their religions freely in their private lives with a complete ban on Islamic immigration.
Sunrise to about 1pm
Inferno was Brown's only book that made me really angry, and feel like I wasted my time reading it... it was a great book, but when you find out that everything they did [didn't even matter, because the virus had already been released, I was really pissed about it.]
You mean Montrolleal?
Assuming genders in 2k16
Oh, yeah, I guess we should never question it or comment on it then.
At no point does this thread seem to indicate that *men* also release oxytocin.
THIS IS FAKE.
Yup - It's how we always did it in the military.
Call me racist, but I knew the moment I saw she was black.
~~especially her MM growths~~
Nixon for Dixon
Why's that so expensive?
wew
More demand really... Thats all.
Sounds like a plan.
Shit I've never seen such vibrant colors too... mainly light green, light blue, red, yellow, white and light pink... interesting
It's so god damn Ironic that people are looking at this picture and only thinking about how it effects the US...
Only newfags say that
he was molested by a priest iirc
My universe powers my car
well time to go outside
only real answer, except 12 angry men
It's not gay if you say "no homo" first.
One of the better ones I've seen.
Better job, better bud, better high, better productivity, better job, better bud...
I despise this person, so very much.
He absolutely should not have been allowed back on the field, and now Stoops should get fired for not taking violence seriously.
I'm being unoriginal too :p
r/me_irl
For the older voters who have forgotten anything that happened in the last 30 years, they should talk about the Soviet Iron Curtain and Berlin Wall.
Yeah take the lockout asterisk out and he has zero.
if i had my luck, i'll get them never
Best of luck to you, and dont let the door hit you on the way out
Riot forgot to tell us that Rengar now has leblanc's second R active.
Dont worry at least you still have Westbrook And adams is really coming into his own offensively it seems
These look really fantastic, much much better
Grant Palmer is great on this - I would ask about the angelic succession of the priesthood - why no record, account, journal entry, or recollection of the priesthood ordination through John the Baptist, or Peter/James/John, exists until FIVE YEARS afterwards - when the church is conveniently in a crisis of competing with other revelational authorities.
Your eyes are gorgeous and you look very cute.
Entering the professional work force is gonna be rough for you
We have the #3 ranked pass defense so I guess we got that going for us.
huna fact checked: those weren't muslims you islamophobe
I dont think anyone on this board uses that phrase unironically!
No diagram,hard to understand
A the old someone-please-link-im-on-moble-aroo
I can't complain with 5.2 against pilots and bots and a 2.5 vs players only
Yeah, this was just a sticky
Hahahahaha.
Burgundy needs the Bone dynasty
Found the wool salesman
#RACIST CNN
To chip the shell clipping off
As a former retail worker this post triggered my PTSD.
No.
high-five!
And?
You mean it's so easy for international students to take a spot in US universities than it is for an Asian-American (Asian who is US citizen or green card holder) to get admitted to same spot despite doing all and more that is expected of him/her.
Peridot &amp; Lapis &amp; Ruby &amp; Sapphire &amp; the Ruby Squad &amp; literally every single character fuck.
He combos with Garp for full board PSY orbs Pretty good if you didn't have him before
it's the superiority complex that some players tend to have.
I hope the Bears play Julian Edelman at quarterback.
Ok but not from trump, I don't want him trying to stick his younger in my ear
Invest in AMD.
Have you only been paying attention to the 40% that is neither good nor bad, but not necessarily between the two?
Stranger Things theme
Best of luck on Aria then!
A mod that disables camera auto correct when driving would be great too, particularly when looking up and down.
He'll become somebody's 72nd virgin!
I hope you like miracles (brainstorm).
but now we can camp out at the pokegyms all day and night!
You have to maintain going to the ground he didn't
I thought they are not that different since they starred in an overrated movie, American Hustler by a hack, David O. Russell.
Spai
Don't forget the Time Kaine blimp and the fighter jet flyby salute.
What was his username?
Sounds pretty gay to me.
thanksgiving already passed moron
Wow, someone shit in your cereal.
hiding illegal shit in the middle of a corn field must have been extremely effective before the Wright brothers came along and fucked everything up.
And they can just drop randomly?
just to play the devil's advocate: the admins/ceo can modify/remove anyone's post however they like because they have access to everything.
Yep
Thanks.
of course it does, for maximum emotional effect.
Blessthefall when you're Falling In Reverse
For some reason whenever I would restart my ps4 the download time would literally cut in half.
IM A FUCKING WHITE MALE
From where I missed this
More than likely they're utilizing responses to similar questions from the past that resulted in a lot of upvotes... they're building comment karma so they can sell the accounts to corporations who post advertisements in the form of "regular posts"
Sweet Jesus!
Why does this feel like communist propaganda
Shameless Taco Bell plug
Computers.
You might be looking for a business-level plan
The french right and concervative back clinton too
Yeah because that kind of gear is used in non-violent protestors who are totally wothin their rights.
There's no remake, although I'd argue getting to play them on the 3DS is vastly improved because you have a backlight, unlike the original!
Well, your name and the fact that it's hard to find obscure videos like the one you linked if the title is in another language.
Can I join you?
Oh man bringing up James "Dildo boat "paid by the Trump Foundation" "never uncovered illegal activity in his last half dozen videos" O'Keefe is rich
again, not *quite* the problem.
I love how everything they have looks exactly like the pictures, like they don't understand what they are, but just that they shouldn't have them.
I really want to know the point behind this comment.
That link is staying blue.
Kept you waiting huh?
When Jesus found out that reincarnation is a thing.
Way to spoil it Jesus
Gotcha.
In cosa differiscono?
Second place at TI is no joke
Amber Sym
Just... wow.
Falling in love is exciting every time.
Cesaro and Sheamus probably.
Fair enough
If you read closely, you'll see I never contradicted what you said
I think they sent WMDs to all worlds but their own
Hey folks, Gandalf here...
time will tell.
so whats her stance on kelvin?
You hadn't told her about the special Christmas generator?
Yeah, does that not make you want to have him as President?
Took me ages to realise what was wrong.
I'm gonna have a lot of rant fuel ^^^FUCKING ^^^BULLSHIT ^^^ALL ^^^THREE ^^^OF ^^^THESE ^^^FUCKS ^^^TARGETED ^^^ME
Wats ur build?
Well if something is on fire then please, pull the alarm at 4 am
i cant read those word, typical cancerous kid
Maybe he's like a Super-Saiyan or something.
I'm all for closing Coal power plants in favor of Nuclear power like France personally
CodeNamePizza is a beast
I believe children are the future.
Alt right is just a politically correct term for neo nazis.
Said the under 2k post karma guy *expert*
Lewis and Clark, artists
I'd be in tears
Cyprus is in Africa anyway.
Dead^
No, that subr**e**ddit is from me.
I have an nVidia graphics card, the CPU is Intel (and that installs IMEI with it).
Looks like a steep climb.
I knew it already :D
They forgot the low fps network icon in upper right of image.
relavant username
we already knew that, they are from cleveland
Tfw you have nothing to show for the Saudi $$$
These videos have a special charm that makes them funny
Meh, as a former delivery boy, I'd have loved the opportunity to do anything besides fold boxes while in between runs.
0 mana 1/1 charge that you don't even have to draw.
Louise is way more manic than Daria
There's a mod currently for console that makes animal pelts more valuable
These are nice
Well they legalized pot in California, Massachusetts, Maine, Arizona and Nevada, so that's a plus?
Some highlights about this run: * Previous WR was 41:58 by zoasty * Fast-fast Phantoon * -16 at Ridley death (best time by anyone) * Spark suit saved the run post Draygon * Near run ending snipe at MB1 * Near run ending ketchup at MB2
they're interested in complaining and looking for handouts though.
Wait they started with the Xbox one ripoff controllers using the stolen original molds already?
Lemurs?
Most 3rd parties share some views with the bigger parties so even getting 30% of your beliefs in office is better then 10%
I won't "bet my ass" on that but even if I did that isn't so bad.
And free 28 from nico
RIP
Aren't we all
quick question, what system?
Is the race even close?
Ashens would.
That's a carrot though
But he is rich, so he must be really smart.
Hahaha... I say that all the time.
Lol
Often, when I read a headline that says hackers hacked someone and will release the details in the future, I don't read the article because they very often lead to nothing.
Lol.
Haha well done Seinfeld...
You can't eat horns
She is pretty much overshadowed by Aurelion Sol imo.
Yeah, I truly believe he just wants this nightmare to be over with.
And a leading source of lead.
SD cards are used in cameras?
not if you don't want to get punished relentlessly no
Well shit.
A medium-to-large size hole coming right up!
Yep same here, I owe all my tap skills to the Doffy raid.
Scum, should be sterilised as soon as they're caught.
So that's how Blink got their name
Thank god s/he can't embarrass us anymore.
What?
yeah I knew that I meant they used the environment when I said geographic, and I guess it is unlikely that the tactics survived the 2nd spice war but it is a bit cool that the dornish, having faced valyrian a before, were able to repel another invasion
There are bigger chances for Mourinho to bring him somewhere else than to Old Trafford.
a V8 mustang would have handled that fog 10000x better.
IT COULD STILL GO TO BERNIE
"I'm a way better player than that"
We should bring back Shakespeare style leggings with a codpiece.
Erotic pharmacist
I hear Germany is doing pretty okay, I'm willing to learn German and work.
I'm sorry but that's the funniest shit.
Make families huge again!
There is nothing in Christianity to prevent you from watching a video you disagree with.
What about when talking to eagles fans?
Punkins
Please explain?
Once you get used to the idea of fucking yourself it's cool.
He also promised to pay legal fees and then didn't
So the buff procs on silence?
Well, it *is* wrapped around the top tube a couple of times, so....
I don't think you comprehended OPs statement properly.
I guess it might be time to think about all those boxes running unsupported XP as well
Oh man if Mike didn't value his life/wife/job he coulda been dropping Papi bombs all over that ass today.
anyone know if he's officially done yet?
It's time to start calling people out and eradicating safe spaces.
Maybe in your country, in mine the sewer goes to a waste product treatment plant first.
It's not really proportioned right is it?
I hate that people let Turtle's bad performances change their opinion about his good performances.
"m" means mile, of course.
He was a runner.
He wont shut up with the fnaf models
Indian Army officers were caught doing fake encounters in Kashmir, killing civilians and passing them off as militants for awards and promotions, some time-back, just saying.
Small club mentality
Texas
I've chosen instead to foster the liberalism in my friend/their son.
Or just a basic observation.
Go Pack!
Its interesting that some people are brainwashed into believing that everyone else is brainwashed.
I mean, except from the Doctor meeting Grant as both a child and an adult...
Yeah, she played Barb.
They have the technology and money for it, but do you not realize companies don't innovate unless it will immediately help their bottom line?
Man, I really wish I could get some TF2 stuff here, couldn't even find a cup with anything tf related, when I asked someone who was making custom ones for games he said 5 people need to ask for it, but there's not even 5 tf2 players in the country
I believe they prefer inflate-kin seeds, thank you very much.
THISSSETHAN
There's your version and the mothers version so....
Literally *and* metaphorically
That's why you need nautical charts onboard, and you have to pay attention to the info on them.
Le kar diya
Wouldn't feel bad if there was some sort of 'physical removal' involving helicopters and those assholes.
That is all false, I have read all of the webcomic and neither of those things have happened.
Autism.
Actually I don't think personnal profit is the only thing he seeks, he genuinely seems to believe in his dreams, however bullshit they are.
Interesting times.
I know there can be a slight masculinization of facial features, but has anyone experienced significant growth of their nose, because mine has noticeably grown and I've gotten a couple comments on it.
From what I've seen (which is admittedly not much) he seems to keep his head on the center line, I think Cub will probably stay composed and pick his shots, then again I could be entirely wrong and Cubs gameplan could just be swang and bang bro
No actual confirmation besides the banner and the rep saying that yes we are eligible for the free daydream view but it will be post receiving phone
Only because Gokus has "fainted"
This is my one fear.. I hurt myself lifting already but never tore a muscle thankfully.
They'd be even happier if they just got the 260 million directly why not do that?
Me - " Uh yeah, what the fuck?"
I knew it was bad but that is terrifying, it sounds like a legit war zone
Anthony Weiner
I love how each comment in this thread has more upvotes than the one before it.
I think what he's saying is to not leave race out of the description so black cannot be assumed.
no way its pay2win lies
snort it?
TOM SAVAGE IS REAL
Too bad.
Half the history of pre-1949 China was similarly ridiculous
I'd be down, you get to beat up on the other team's second unit but still play starter minutes
r/Hailcorporate
Considering that the only games my girlfriend plays are HOMM, Skyrim, Pokemon and Fire Emblem, this would be perfect.
Ummm, not really.
u/parocks, thoughts on Alex Smith?
When Trump is involved the safe money is betting that he is the one lying.
They both work for the Russians now.
France is a Muslim country.
Guess this means CF has a conscience.
Not sure what I said that's racist but people like you will find racism on a box of cheerios.
The KRG seems like one of the few sane governments in the Middle East, so that's a plus in my book.
Barca and Real have been on him for a while, we deffo need to keep him
That's factually incorrect, there are more democrats and people agree on almost every issue with the "left wing view" on average.
You should probably listen to it for yourself before making observations that are only verified through said listening.
If I've been waiting this long I'm damn sure going to have a look!
Surely this will persuade the undecided voters to vote Trump!
Trebuchet
winston is soooo overrated
Buy the carts then and only play those.
Or stabbed with a shoe!
NASCAR should just give up on their own game and just promote iRacing and Forza.
I didn't get this at first since I haven't watched the show yet, but now I'm pretty sure all of San Diego burned down.
Yes, don't have a link.
and proud we are of all of them
They get called out so they try to fix it and make it worse
Yes, but I think it will be added to the store in the creators update in the spring.
I get the feeling like there's a rubber band wrapped around my head
Yes it was
I violate them daily, so at least over 75,000 years.
nothing like a classic "GOOOOAAAAALLLLLLLLLLLLLL" to make me feel like a kid again
They really don't because the false claimed that the majority of white murder victims where murdered by black people when the cross rate murder rate is very similar.
This is what was actually meant by the cashier
Well, you can't say all that and then *not* go into gory details!
She has no one to blame but herself
Yep, because American OPs always post in r/denmark in Danish.
Not *initiating violence.
Again with the potato posts
Haha 8-6
That's not how the presidency works, you simpleton.
Only downloads as html file...
Most liked: Brandon Marshall Most disliked: Ryan Fitzpatrick No surprise here.
That's exactly what I said, you are correct.
Trump supporters are the pick of the litter
But I'm told that Donald supporters are evil corrupt and conspiracy theorist!
Who who who, pump the brakes, I'm sure there this was a trumpster showing support
Weren't a picture of these just posted here not even a few days ago?
Some people will jump at any occasion to call Neil Druckmann a cuck... gg well played alpha males.
You nailed it
If he had actually done that and Bernie consented to it it would have been amazing.
No you have tourneys in spring post worlds summer determines worlds but spring you have various tourneys across the world that increases amount of international competition we get.
That's what I want to know!
Oh and the original.unreal should be good!
caprolactam 0/10 with rice 1/10
Does madmole count?
MANISH PANDEY IS THE NEO GOD OF CRICKET.
booooo I already own this game so this is shit
No problem, I struggled with getting it to work too
tbh, those wolves are savage.
Wont happen this way.
Show me the evidence.
Lola too.
Or perhaps she trying to get fired, which may release her from her non-compete.
I can't picture myself being the type of person who would be on a quest to find any way to stop someone from doing something like this.
He should be sanctioned for all those pies he bowled too
Creepy factor retained though
Poor lads have no idea whats coming to them
Nope because you can always have an open relationship and everyone happily fucks others while still being with the person you love.
Not OP but You can try the hog rocket deck pong uses: hog ice wiz princes log rocket skarmy mega minion ice spirit Not sure how to play it because I only have miner, but he's really good with it
Why would tar require an amputation?
Get out the live bleep machine, quick!
YOUR TYRES WEREN'T EVEN THERE
From the assholes @r/the ~~donald~~ dipshit
And the two are not connected in any way!
Better than half the butt plugs I've used before.
Yep.
Aren't they classified as vermin in most states?
You're claiming you have an objective right to the food.
O-pce has my vote, not Dck because of how it reacts with some peoples gut
daytona beach (if i floor it), same thing bout cocoa beach
Are you a good man if you see horrible crap happening and you do nothing?
Maybe he just really really likes Lynyrd Skynyrd.
Logs please.
I figured as much.
VALUABLE DISCUSSION OVER HERE
You wouldn't need an offense lol
NOT REPORTING BECAUSE SHILL BTFO!
Just like if the Ys were Is Zizz-icks
The old one?
Huh interesting list .for me id give tf2 the number two spot, bf1 number 3, and precious Doom the number 1 spot.
Lol fuck Vice.
HOLY FUCK You just blew my mind
"durr fuck current year"
Well the devs kind of stopped working on the original pc game, so they probably don't care about the port at all.
For future reference, what exactly are you saying with those numbers?
Did we get source code for da real mods?
That makes sense actually
tbf he has a pretty rocking beard
Actual viruses though that can infect *you*.
I wouldn't call your mom fat, but, she'll do in a pinch.
No, but it was telling that even a partisan hack like Comey could not prosecute a Clinton.
What about LeBron?
The ability to suspend someone else's sense of object permanence.
No love for thanksgiving skins?
As he burns the nation down?
Even better, all 3.
Needs more 40 times and power rankings of the high schools.
I like how the thick black smoke highlights the mountains in the background
I believe that's what he is saying fam :]
Very Spicy
You have to have iOS AND live in the US AND not be a child, so that is like 10% of the CR playerbase (probably less)
Must be genetics from her Native American ancestry.
True presidential temperament
Man don't you even say that D:
Exactly what are you trying say?
No, because it was nowhere hinted
Should we really be wasting all of that helium?
As someone who voted third party last time, I can guarantee you the thumb screws were in to support Obama because the dems were terrified of a Mormon rich guy in office.
how much does that affect ebron?
You know what you did
This.
As long as there's pizza.
Actually not too bad with a little hot sauce.
i dont know if it is from severe sleep deprivation or what but to see the word "dodecagon" and the picture that goes with it is making laugh so hard
I felt like it accounted how the individual player performed as well.
You have your crew aced?
yes but delete the old one
no
I prefer resolution over frame rate
No way she won't.
They could easily buy white cars and use a coloured door wrap as well.
If you think Clinton's proven corruption just makes her a 'conservative democrat' you may want to put your skeptic hat on and ask yourself why Hillary is the most bank rolled politician in the history of American politics (to the tune of over 1.2billionUSD so far)
Overwatch ripping off TF2 once again.
..Oh wow
How you ended up with multiple bottles of beers that only a handful of cases were even released to the public is not only a shame but a joke.
Nice Brother Ali reference ;)
But Clinton 2 says she's against the TPP!
No, but the drawings you have done of it are.
Just guaranteed pack size, yeah?
pretty sure this guy trolled everyone here
I'm out of ideas, sorry bro..
Insurance would cover the damage, just as it does now.
Back in my day, this person would have been happier by now!
Nice joke
Okay, still really neat to look at.
More likely your "buddy" is just a racist ass.
How can mediums talk to the dead when they always die N1?
Low levels aren't supposed to be especially epic in D&amp;D. Levels 1-5 are effectively Fellowship of the Ring tier where Gandalf only casts light and color spray.
We quit logging our work in the case notes, and kept doing right by our customers... What corporate can't see can't hurt us.
Is your area becoming more suburban or new industry moving in?
I want to know what kind of asshole parents would name their son Rachel?
It's a hell of a thing...
or just get the dell Inspiron 15 Gaming ($849.99) , better specs than your macbook pro 15" ($2399.99) except the display and slower hard drive.
He has free escapes and people here are 13 years old crybabies 80% of the time
Only 5 less tiers, so heal is still good, stops md for scythe and won't move around in your inventory.
?
nice hanzo reflect
My potatoes bring all the Irish to the yard and they're like, that famine was hard.
I thought this was somehow taken out of context, but nope, its just dumb.
Nice work!
Get lost, li'l prick.
lemon was the only natural deodorant that worked for me, but it gave me a rash after some time :(
How so?
All the money went to dog food
SNL?
Lizards are immigrants, they have no right to cross anything.
Nothing wrong with a bit of bias, especially in baseball when you get to watch your guy play every single day while the rest of us watch our guy play.
D/D/D is actually not *that* easy to disrupt, because unlike most combo decks, it is not linear and it can do just about anything in any way you want it to, if you give it a little time.
I offer you 3 Pot of Desires to negate your Dark Bribe
The top feature in LG phones is free bootlooping with terrible support!
Clearly on the decline, he's on track to not complete any passes against Middlesbrough
Don't forget, the WS winning team gets $750k each!
8 out of 10 shitpost fam.
Username seems to check out.
Its not about the website, its about the chart which they cite from several reputable sources
what did I just watch
you are not technically a weeb because Shelter it's not anime
2nd.
Yes that is totally what it is for
Stop bullying her.
She spent the last few house slaving over cooking dinner and nobody even liked it!
I disowned friends that I've known for 10+ years over their decision to vote remain, it's a competitive market.
Thanks, grandpa.
People really have a bias with their own weapons, you really have to look at the facts when choosing your carry gun.
Soz i only listend to the black album nothing else
You went from looking like a nerd with long hair and a thin, scraggly beard to a woman... I have no idea which one is really better.
Between this and MoS, I really want to take a fine tooth comb through Snyder's entire filmography.
It was still manly AF
Is it not a legal obligation to be wheelchair accessible?
SSE is already close to been fully modded.
About average from a "day" of pvm.
It's either enhanced devo or crystal shield if you want best in slot and enhanced devo seems better at 90% of bosses especially with walking been removed.
You're gonna need a min kc option for that.
Nice
ISIS sure is.
{JoJo's Bizarre Adventure: Diamond is Unbreakable}
What black person wouldn't want to vote for Hillary "Super predator detector" Clinton
Yup, RIP Mitch Hedberg
This is what people said about samuros self cleanse They were wrong
Well I just thought the leader should be somebody with the capacity for abstract thought.
Anakin is not a fan
Pandering to girl gamers totally ruined the game.
Happy talk-like-a-pirate day!
Or schizophrenic "word salad".
Nah, just smoker's tongue.
My friends Dad used to be in the RAF as a mechanic and now lives and works in Dubai making 10x what he would be earning here teaching others about helicopter maintenance/repair.
And you guys have a GREAT offensive line, so the seven step drops will work out PERFECTLY!
With half the country as well.
op is cancer
Yeah that way you can just buy your shit...
After collapsing at the end of last season and going 1-2-0 to start this PL season I'm sure we looked like "the team to beat"
Ajayi and tymont
Q
If your family and everyone you knew were slaughtered by robots, you wouldn't be all that fond of them either.
Lil wayne is just in a position of privilege and is not exposed to racist bigot police who go on black shooting sprees for fun.
Lol let's see some pics of this claim.
Now that's creative thinking
yeah but does it have a glowing apple on it?
Hillary isn't a woman - she's a *Clinton*.
Watching a game on TV and seeing it happen are too completely different things
PROLIAPS
True, I was thinking along the lines of tradies, teachers, nurses etc.
Suicide by inmolation does requiere some brainwashing
Can you build bases like in subnautica?
Can I type in console "kill"?
I have family meals like once a year
In addition.
Not directly after, just sometime after.
Haha, Not nearly enough!
Dorothy has really changed over the years
Same here, can't log in :( Was hoping to squeeze in 30 minutes of mayhem before friend's wedding
You know NYR never tells.
GTAV had an update called "Cunning Stunts" recently and I had to keep stopping myself from spoonerizing it.
Some schools may who knows haha
Well don't just name them... this is reddit, it's always story time!
This video is only 360p though, the original is probably way better
Blood Priest or bust he is the healer we need.
Can confirm... Am drunk
LOL
You're not elitist to follow an easily attainable standard.
Shhh... Hes not ready for reality yet.
I like how you don't question Steve Buscemi's role as a co-conspirator in the 9/11 plot; probably cause he's funny looking.
alot waze facebook camera
#Oh but I thought he was a bad person and he was being lazy and was just sitting there stealing his paycheck HUR HUR DUR DUR DURRRRRRRRR
Why are reasonable comments like this downvoted?
See the comment above, I wonder if they went to your address
no that build is trash
The world economy is priced in United States dollars you arse.
Trebuchets aren't funny.
Are you sure?
XMR has less than 1/6th of ETH's supply, so soon the nominal price won't even be remotely comparable, I'm afraid :)
but he'd never get hit so he'd probably get a lot of angel deals
Phil Heath
That's because I haven't bought the game yet :/
There are entire Pop stations built on the exact opposite of this.
Yeah, but now the have a Manchurian Candidate.
not even at my ps4 right now but i know the exact controls to do it down on the dpad triangle to the top of the menu go right once, considering dyson will probably be the leadoff batter down to infield over to bunt defense
Yup, I used to struggle vs irelia but I took cleanse one game and ggff@20 irelia
Halloween costume idea everyones goona miss this year; toilet seat cover over head with printed out paper shoved into every opening of clothing: Wikileaks dump.
It's because they eat shit.
What
They should just print more money to fix the problem.
Implying it makes it to the road without breaking down
You're a bad hombre
It'll never work, I have a round hole.
I think my gas was actually a solid.
Though you'd wanna write $20.00 so that they can't just add a bunch of zeroes to the end.
If you think you have a cheaper solution that is both safe and pays all the workers of the project what they deserve than fucking go for it man.
Just go to a casino like normal people
The city is "corpus christi" not the city of Texas City.
The world is your shower
"We're not getting drunk, we're just having a few drinks" Ed Norton in that one Oscar winning movie
Sorta off topic, but were you showing this off at fan expo in toronto a few years ago?
Yes, but it has a higher interest rate.
neked
Ok warm
Shooting their AKs into the air.
But...but...but... BENGHAZI!
I think that would clog the toilet.
Makes me happy too, picked him in the 6th round of fantasy
He was a lot funnier on the radio with saunders, think he could've got away with a lot more.... i remember one game against pittsburgh he was making fun of their fans and started making banjo sounds
Check Blind Owl or The Tap
"their"?
I get them in the blisters/boxes.
Economic segregation seems to be a big component, specially as poverty becomes more and more entrenched in the suburbs.
I agreed with everything your said, but you mentioned god, and I'm an atheist so I'm going to vote Trump in protest of you.
In what world is 66% an 100% chance?
Too bad we can't have unmatched colors on our wheels so we could put yellow and red ones on.
Really want a PM if someone could give me a link
Plot twist: kid's sister is a research scientist at McMurdo Station.
guess she won
ARE YOU READY FOR SOME HOCKEY
So...isn't this also happening in socialist Venezuela?
I dig it.
He actually said recently that the entire series was fiction, and that most of the cast and crew were on good terms (except corn)
Sure is
Of course ratings and comments are disabled.
no, but you should feel bad about missing the flag on the jeep....
Nice job using your moms credit card kid, you suck kid I forgot you REALLY suck
hey now zed with drakthar is pick or ban dont you know
How many times a week do you regret including the buttons at all?
Q2 2018.
Can we get a picture of this haha?
Wow, you guys are really free in the US eh
You can see your purchase history through your account page and your trade history through your inventory.
Kevin Harvick, he is going to have pit crew and part issues, and get eliminated in the second round.
Because it was illegally operating?
Gimme an O/U?
Voting for the party that will immediately implement huge tax cuts for the wealthy even though it's been proven for decades to not be beneficial to the working class will help them how?
Yeah, in most games 90 fov is acceptable and 180 fov is great.
Jamal and Omar.
I know that it's just his hand and arm, but it really looks like there is a big girthy cock pointing up into his face.
So you guys didn't see "Into the Wild Green Yonder", the Futurama episode that explicitly talks about this?
Don't you know that women only exist as an extension of their husband?
Isn't that PKK?
Fuck i better be in the cage with them for those prices
Depends what he decides to do with the belts And i mean when he decides, because that mother fucker has all the cards now
They are going to be saying this for the next 4 years since that's all the criticism they have.
Well, I dunno... It *is* Texas...
Also she had some marijuanas.
Richer than most American.
Highly unlikely seeing as they'd have to drop Sven for room
I cannot **FUCKING** wait to tell my grand and great grand children about living through this and experiencing it first hand.
This is why I wish windows had a good package manager like aptitude, so that you could automatically remove unneeded dependencies.
I only like art that reinforces the things that I believe so by my expert judgement I condemn this as bad art 0/10 shillary must have paid this FARTist a lot to reinforce the globalist Jewish white hate narrative.
Red and white.
THANK YOU FOR YOUR TIME ~LOVE, GABE
I'm gonna dig up more of his earlier games to see how he has evolved his game.
Yep, the ball is on a string
Tessy you used to be my number one idol
Take it to a nearby church
Get the young grasshopper
I hope this never happens
Hey man us sport jumpers didn't sign up to jump like cargo.
I feel like the HRV is the revival of the Civic Wagon RT4WD
I asked that yesterday and the answer is no.
Because everyone's all talk and no walk.
Just goes to show you what Christmas has come to...
Arms spaghetti
It was, but I *also* love that mental image.
He ship is too expensive to just leave at Mars and not reuse.
When you think monsters are "yours" when it's a mmorpg
Because they didn't have MCW
A lot of ppl won't have a choice if they take draft pick away
Fair point!
They call it Tallanasty for a reason...
Dude MacBook Pro's new mixtape was flames
Yes and yes but it will leave you for spending too much time playing SC
Weak.
And Paragon in the same genre.
Little early for shitposting eh?
That's a lot of murderers all in one place
I am surprised I have not found any of these at work yet.
umm, am I the only one that the page dose not render for?
Aren't those two different jobs?
I wouldnthink a typically sighted person should be able to tell the time on a 12 hour face even upside down
That is the joke
Glad they used fish skin for scale.
.... Who was asking for this?
We've got family there, and it was gorgeous, in a northern, remote way, but damn if it wasn't chilly in October while Chiangers is absolutely gorgeous at that time of year.
On the contrary, imagining this scene with real actors and a realistic chasmfiend gives me chills.
PGT for a reason...
Furkids are the best!
But every despicable thing a human being does can obviously be explained by whatever political candidate they choose!
I just hope Biff Tannen doesn't become president...
What, really?
Oh and did we mention 4 out of the 5 of them are all QBs?
I've seen it for wives/kids.
The Pats won in 2002 and 2004.
Revenue sharing
Obvious photoshop
Wasn't she one of the ones who had an affair with Ted Cruz?
How is Melania a supermodel?
And he built the whole thing using a single Allen wrench.
Apo'strophe Ftfy
It's almost like they did opposition research and saved some of it so they wouldn't run out of fuel for their campaign... CROOKED Hillary and her fucking corrupt tendency to actually plan things out!
Als je er 2 gebruikt daarentegen, dan is het prima.
The down vote trolls are out tonight.
Since the murder rate spiked about ~1000 murders, and there have been ~8000 'drug related extra-judicial killings' you can be damned certain that they're not including those extra-judicial killings in the statistics.
Brave 2: Merida's Clan
Some of the greatest comedic opportunities (and thus cinematic moments) are those which actively let the steam of narrative or inter-character tension out at any given point during a film.
Blowing up al the sarcasm deposits....
Nope, robots will self programm themselves very soon.
It can only be rare if I have it
Good thing I got so many of these, I almost missed it.
The best part about this is people not bringing that "McHale is a good coach" trash over here anymore.
Screw you I mainline cashews.
Why do you think that will be helpful?
So thats how he did it, guess he was truly playing the long game when he married a model...
Awesome, adding you now
Most skydivers dont go high enough for long enough to suffer from hypoxia and the ones that do use specialist equipment (suits, oxygen masks etc.)
Brilliant use of the strawman argument.
I believe the quest is account wide so you can pick it up on one character, hop on another and complete it
I think you're just out of defensible points.
Well he hadn't finished so the waiter was probably waiting for him to finish his drink before taking the glass away.
grover is suck to buy wrecker because he need to stick with tank mostly for healing purpose, so he can't burst out high damage at close range with enemy tank the best hero to buying wrecker is damage like viktor or cassie, it can whack the shield very easy i know the feels when having selfish player at lower MMR there, annoy as hell
Iz bellenced cas its rere!1!1!1 Huehuehue
I'm just another 60s dope who went hey look a button
Does that movie poster say Bacon &amp; Legs?
And with Type:Null looking like a chimera....
TFx Cub
I'd buy them if they were stolen.
I don't understand your point at all... and I'm not even American, let alone a Clinton supporter.
It's obviously Russia planting these stories
Instructions unclear, my character is a quadriplegic now.
It should be three separate signs, and they hold up one, two or three stars depending on the pop from the crowd
I bet 5 reddit silver he'd fuck up the oath of office.
Drink deep the Chinese Dream...
"SnR pizza, carps?"
wait, did they release something?
Tristana also forgot to buy items
By observing SNP political posturing over an extended peroid of time
Communism makes people lazy and enslaves you at the same time, obviously.
Primaries are for Democrats, the people that have deliberately joined the party, rather than people that just want to vote for a given candidate.
That's why their scientific name is Felis Chompus Source: I'm a certified catologist
Me too thanks
Hubert Farnsworth?
Should I start him over Benjamin against LA?
#AmericaNotGreatAnymore
^m ^^a ^^^g ^^i ^c
thisisfine.jpg
CHEESE ITS!
you wont be playing 1440 at 60fps, you won't even be playing 1080p with smooth 60 with a 1060 lol
Imagine if the PC's did what Julius does and fly about in the sky beast selling totally not heretical things in their definitely not heretical ship that just coincidentally is called the godem
I quite liked it the atmosphere was great and they handled your power well you felt powerful and kingly like noct is finally starting to fully realize his role yet each power has a downside that can make you hesitant to use them so the horror part is held up Also the lore was great there I was actually terrified and shocked that was something I didn't see coming but for every minute with good lore was 5 of walking not that I didn't enjoy it but it was just bad pacing It could have been something special if it was like 30 minutes shorter or was filled with lore they had a lot of things to do like newspapers, dairys, more of the bad guy talking about it, mysterious radio messages about it instead of just three audio clip with only one really meaningful to the story the ball was just dropped there
Well I sure didn't see this endorsement coming.
Qualified or ranked standard, i got mine definately for qualified coz i was camping #announcements for a new qualified map
@DEVIL_CSGODDAMMITI'MONATEAMWITHDEVIL
Tom Hardy can be anything and still be beautiful!
Pricks out!
Used to preserve food.
This makes sense, so to get this straight: Toxapex on singles and Fini on doubles?
##UnchainTheChain
[](/#ohyeah)
I hadn't thought about the part with the blood, but what purpose does the letter have in it?
nope, just driving around and she will occasionally open her stupid mouth
You have failed me.
Don't take it seriously and you should enjoy it.
Someone doesn't know their court procedure very well.
At least I have lots of company
IIRC Superman doesn't throw a single punch on screen for the whole duration of the movie.
Well I'd love to wear my max again (and am close, i think it was 91/99 inv) but i don't want to pay more than 11M for Bonds so i just wait and if by the time i hit 120 dung (~7.2M xp away, ty dailies) they are still high up, i will see if i up my buy price but until then, i play other games (*finally i got time for them*) And also i don't really miss it though, i only used to Boss portal for DKs and the garden portals pretty much never.
i think it is ~48hours from 0 unless you whop
"I'm With Her" bumper sticker
Honest question: How'd they take it when you gave this to them?
If you think about it in terms of dollars per planet, this truly is a bargain.
He is better than every single ape
*Slaps again... And again... Like really, those are a shit load of slaps*
And Rose
Well, when he was given about a 2% chance to win the day before the election, I would say winning by 70 is a landslide.
This has already been noted multiple times.
Fuck the 'avoids using weaker foot' trait too, it's all bullshit.
Makes sense thanks
Nice pick up!
Aleppo.
&lt;3
This is a dead meme
*Don't you ruin this for me*
It does says Wild Run on the logo, but if you start the game, it offers you, to buy the Wild Run.
Is there a version of it without Linus and Luke commentating?
The sun's within the US airspace, so...
Especially her all tatted up like that, doubt she listens to that slop
How did you convince your cat too get into the box?
What is used besides Gatsby?
Guess you learned not to work with Russians
What restaurant in the world do you go to where you walk in with three mystery ingredients, and then order the head chef to make you something awesome involving them?
Lol this guy is full of shit, never had a girl touch him in his life
He'll release them when everyone else does the same.
Yeah, from what I've heard it won't even run GTA V in 4K so it's DoA.
that's why they never wrote that propaganda on a double-decker bus
No its not,titanfall 2 is getting praised af
Yeah it was don't know why you are being downvoted,lol
Stop it OP,you don't know the pain a person goes through when he spends 21 DS and doesn't pull the best card in the game,fucking scumbag Bandai
I asked Santa for a Fallout 4 VR edition, not the Fallout 4 RL (real life) edition...
Fun fact, there are now incandescent light bulbs that are more efficient than LEDs.
If Satan were real and in human form I might pick this guy out as the body being currently possessed.
Undoubtedly, but I wanted clarification.
Aw that's a shame, Sufjan is my favourite artist and he seems like a sweetheart.
What's a doggo?
fancy seeing you here - I played you yesterday
lol
same for .cfm
Don't forget that there's a Muslim Green Lantern, too.
hahhah yeah just press the button again
Is it RWD?
Damn, that's the only reason I wanted to replay it
Anthony Fantano, is that you?
Chuckled under my breath, 10/10 meme
So Vote should be blowing up now or does all the fake outrage not translate into user migration?
Assbreath is now my new favorite word!
The Ryan brothers were finished "fixing" the defensive line, so they really focused on the secondary this season.
diversity is code for anti-white!
Haha apparently, downvotes are flying all over the place right now
Name checks out.
"All four nations were at peace, until one day the Trade Federation attacked"
The Burned Tower was an inside job.
Still doesn't explain why it was only on the front page for like 10 mins.
Worse than assholes.
This story was written long before Comey sent his letter to Congress.
"one step closer to the edge, and I'm about to break"
i thought certain zones required rails due to NPC traffic, such as Arc Corp?
It's a little weird we don't have one, considering the plethora of new young heroes that are popping up.
Trump wouldn't have stood a chance for the same reason Conservatives keep posting that "we need the electoral college becauseas many people live in these 2 dozen blue counties as the rest of America" meme.
You fool that is impossible
the FDA doesn't really regulate snapchat, does it?
PvE: Thief PvP: Ranger
Wait the ones shown in the picture are at most in trouble for not reporting the person actually shooting it right?
1986?
Except if it would be shitpost than this title (including the typo) would be perfect.
This is the most Packer thing I've ever read on this sub.
Or they could've actually looked it up because it's a relatively obscure word and figure out what it was.
SO unoting food when it was stated to be removed from DMM is not breaking any kind of rules at all?
these people aren't fucking people :P
pre-rework "cancer" Nidalee is my favorite champ of all time
Wow, Carl has had a *legendary* growth spurt.
Wow this is new and exciting
They all have their initials on the top 10
What's this from?
That's a sound analogy as long as the cheeseburger voters don't realize there's glass in the cheeseburger.
An annoying new buzzword.
Thanks, Max Brooks!
Ah, the old "we're not any worse than anyone else but we're still annoying" fallacy
You do realize how terrible Eli has been this year right?
Pretty much.
Firefly sucks Archer sucks South Park sucks Indie music genre sucks Forrest Gump sucks big time
Please continue id like to research these hyksos:)
Feelsjellyman.jpg.
So Top the Tater is out of the question, sad.
UKIP are more like the libertarian party.
This also means God Rain is pretty safe from being "poached" from FaZe.
Magni 2 goes louder, but it's irrelevant since the O2 can make your head explode already.
But that insight requires a certain degree of political savvy.
OP plz put game name in title lulz
This weeds out all the people who aren't decent and intelligent though!
Are we brothers?
I am trying to buy everything, to 100% the game.
I'll see what I can do.
what powers does he get from the beige suit?
story of my life atm, vs'd 6 smurfs in a row now and it doesn't really matter how well I do cuz 2 smurfs can outclass 1 player whose slightly better then his rank
Something backwards from Louisiana; weird, that *never* happens...
Yea, that O'Keefe fellow, he's *totally* above board
Username checks out though, so can you blame them?
We did it!
It's split into multiple paragraphs but whatever bro.
1st and 3rd IMO
Are we supposed to be looking at anything in particular here?
Giggity
Yup there actually are!
Ehh, they don't need power or hospitals, the Cubs won!
The guy just made it super awkward....
You could do the First Order troop lander as well.
Yes, yes it is.
He's a lich, so it's not like it's permanent.
Yeah, the bank repossesses it, and you either pay them for what is due, or they sell it at auction and recoup their losses.
Trump's at least a well known billionaire, and given the climate of the GOP it wasn't super hard to believe that someone like him could win.
Well I was already voting for Hillary but now that I know W is on board I'm really sold.
So Scherzer's going to be left out despite falling apart on the mound?
Hillary did say she wants him to release his taxes so she can prove he's not as rich as he claims ... how presidential of her to go after such an important issue
Most likely $50 - $60
There isn't a single demographic or region where Kenny wins.
Time to use the Charles Martin technique.
Triggered
Yeah, you are.
How in the world are they that much
i need a gif of when she collapsed and the secret service threw her limp body into the limo like a fucking meat sack
I suppose the closest for the Netherlands would be Geert Wilders, but he probably won't really be able to do that much damage because he'll still have to work with other parties in a coalition.
I'm unsure.
h&amp;m, asos, topman
Do you think they serve those in the restaurant outside the team locker room?
"Goddess of light, pretty cool, my old man is Hephaestus, and is that a hint of Cajun I hear in your voice?"
to be fair she doesn't have the health to campaign any more.
Yeah, I too enjoy be obliged to do everything by internet.
He's gotta make that throw to Dola
The technology is simply not there
Check to see if the DVR on the xbox app is on.
lol sure
The newest version of the straw has no hole.
Im shocked they made a video during vacations, huge props for them
I can dodge the chain most of the time so I only flash if it actual hits me.
Didn't think about it, but just started with Foals
see you in the Big 12 play bby
I wasn't blown away by the first book but I've enjoyed everything else I've read.
1,508,659
"Still just a bud"
I think it's cute that you guys poop together.
Is that Delon's bruh?
Woah there
every price is the right price to buy a tresor or something to store your btc
We are gonna need to clone Mr Gowdy a whole bunch of times when Trump wins.
Personally, the way the movie was going it seemed that they were portraying the guy as crazy, but it was nice to see that he was right all along.
I know I feel the same way about black people, why does every show have a black main character now it's so insulting!
*glances at comment history...r/The_Donald* Surprise...
A large enough installation - like a nation, say - generates all the time.
Well auto makers wouldn't have any desire to bring back leaded gas since it would require them to change engine designs and force everyone to buy new cars which no one is going to want to do.
Please no
It's not fair to tubby's feels and that's more important than anything.
we rugby now boys
if you shoot npc miners you get assraped without lube no mater where you are by the suport fleet
Who knew Pence, who hates gays, actually loves Dick?
Only 200 series Gaggenau's...peasants.
every journalist not locked up or dead yet in turkey is a troll
How did the hacks change the election exactly?
Hope it doesn't have lemons in it (think portal 2)
My best bet is next summer, when the official soundtrack comes out.
MGTOW cancelled everyone - a few girls online disapprove of feminism, back to the plantation boys
What a classy bunch
With such meaty material they may need all 35k working on it!
I do wish they had gone to Hillsborough and spoke to someone there
I thought Torres was our #1?
Your religious beliefs are triggering me.
My new RIA says 500.
I bought this for $82 on Jet with all discounts before the tax thing, that was like 3 weeks ago.
The "liberal media" hard at work spewing their leftist propaganda.
He feels like an utility mage now
Because in practice that's exactly what it means.
I'm fine with Hank Conger coming back, honestly.
FredEx has just been trolling the entire time
nope, u/deniros has it correct to my understanding.
I see you've not used an iPad PRO.
Please no
I need to know the channel in Ontario as well if not, have to pray for a good stream on r/nhlstreams
Gonna need the sauce on that
Weiners out
That's because no claim of rape is ever false.
The ssd I bought came with a key for the basic version, check to see if yours does as well.
*danga zone*
never heard of it
If I'm understanding your question correctly, he said that was the plan but after getting knocked down right off the bat his game plan went out of the window.
**H**is palms are sweaty **K**nees weak **A**rms are heavy **T**here's vomit on his sweater already **M**om's spaghetti
A suggestion i have seen floating around is that Yogg stops casting spells when he dies, similar to how the spells switch sides when he gets stolen from an enemy slyvanas.
Thats more interesting than creepy, it emplys it knows how to nest build like a bird, and can use it to protect its young
He's always been clickbait.
He is a poison and if you don't cut him the fuck out you'll be seeing your son or daughter calling your grandchildren losers.
with just one buff it's -1 mana to Shieldmaiden
3574
Dinklage?
Trump wants to vet refugees, but doesn't even vet his own campaign staff!
I was honestly thinking about having an Electrode, so whenever I say hello it'll startle and explode
It was for showing off.
No wonder some Christians are afraid of science: God's already been neutered by latex and synthetic hormones, what other horrors with science create!
Trains are "on tracks" and derail often...
Montana is a myth, just like South Dakota
I mean, I like the taste of Tequila, just not when it lingers in my mouth for too long...
Goddamn it, the thing I want is 59.99 and its a huge company so they probably can't send me an offer back of 60
Imagine what Klopp would have done with Suarez.
already sold out on their site last week
Why does he have a white streak in his hair?
That's newer than mine.
And the massive organization of military/police resources to defend _oil_ interests, there's obvious collusion there
I know I'm late to my own party, but here's one: 9 Crimes - Damien Rice
I think you are underestimating the amount of manscaping the average sweaty hairy guy requires.
It is a crucial ingredient to make up their Skyline Chili.
They're both ST as well, which begs the question if it's self sparking
That's very stressful when somebody wants to get their rocks off.
Foreshadowing maybe?
Don't you speak for me Lol jk that is what I meant
Hey hey hey We said handguns not grenades
well Nervoustopost512, you look absolutely cheerful!
hut hut hut hut hut hut
I...what?
Humor?
Imgur is pathetic
Well, sounds like clownfest elections suit you.
Nope, and the funny thing is that Selkath are chaotic pacifists, it's weird to see one all ready to kick ass with a blaster.
The world will go one, until it doesn't.
Who has a better stepback than Harden?
666
Maging
relics really don't do a lot of damage even with relic reaction saint is arguably harder in nest because you have to pay attention to the boss mechanics a little more to time buffs and your party's HP + status effects as well as your own, though most of it is just running around dropping relics however, keep in mind that saint is a healer and that may not be in your liking
Mine has more RPMs.
Or clinically retarded
is this 1p resolution
It's not coop on Xbox :(
~~lewd~~
I wrote a blog post about that, about why I fucking hate videogames, because this is what it does, it appeals to, like, the male fantasy.
Scares the shit outta me
If you release a pdf game is buy it, like those excell games, I can use it at work.
He's always watching...and he looks like he's tired of your bullshit
Pics or it doesn't exist
Sidebar says original thoughts only
Well it is more accurate to say half empty if you've been drinking from it (emptying it) already
Yeah, mulch is great for breaking through taunts and removing key threats
That
BUY PEPE
"Black isn't even a race!"
So yea it will slightly bottleneck
It's not a concern for the DNC, because I bet 90% of the fraudulent votes were cast for Democrats.
Will you marry me?
Looks natty to me
He got one hell of a jump, but I wouldn't ever want someone with Holt's speed to try to steal home
I think Chris Pratt does better card tricks
It is xist.
Now this is a fresh meme I can get behind.
You are a person of weak constitution if this is your reaction to an election that will likely have zero impact on you.
Well if she doesn't like the voter's will, she can just unilaterally ban weed.
This guy is a cousin of Roy And Troy Tulo.
The best.
that's naive to not think there is a correlation
I've also noticed this I wonder why.
Please stop stating false things as if they are true Also my comment had to do with the assertion that jay wouldn't just make things up when in actuality he makes things up constantly
Whenever its to push their circle jerk and agenda they will upvote it but they will also have some dumb ass post some stupid comment like "Justin Amash is crazy 99% of the time but hey I agree with him on this 1%, also it sucks glorious leader Fidel Castro died he was really the epitome of my beliefs"
Usually those guys are so good at spotting a fake.
Looks like that exo suit is now stuck to the series... Rip
Well we got two options, just chalk it up as an L and get ready for tomorrow, or crazy ass win part 3
So much this.
Alt-Space to launch/open literally anything from anywhere in kde.
Obama.exe has crashed.
hes going full ee cummings.
Saw that too, I'm guessing the collar or the buckle broke.
I wonder how well this will work on a truck with an automatic locker?
I used to be terrified of chupacabras as a kid.
Also his grenade is oppressive in lane.
'Member when Chef cucked Gerald
We keep talking about raising interest rates OR instituting some kind of nation wide foreign buyer tax and my question is, shit, why can't we do both?
Even when the Bruins dominate, Jay Pandolfo looks like he never wants to be interviewed
Lolololololololololol #R3kt
Is that the same as replacing a PSU, I plan on removing the entire PSU and putting in a new one myself is that ok to do by myself?
Hope Trump is taking notes
You dear poor ignorant of history little cupcake...
It's only new for people born in the past year.
Do you think 2016 will claim him too, or will he be able to hold on until at least January?
We're gonna need a point of reference
Also the virus could be engineered into an anti white martian blood drug.
No way me too!
Or to the right if you're a lefty
Ok bby.
Gotta love original content
You go on and get outta here with that!
Yea its getting bad, too many people bashing their heads into the wall waiting for 2.6 I guess.
Because he scored a goal against palace and is amazing midfield 'coverage' for a top 4 team?
I wouldn't call Butch first rate
{-}7
Sadly, no.
Does it give too much away or should I watch it?
Not this time since it's just some ignorant shit from a bigot rambler.
I used to have this issue, but one day it hit me.... Why would I expect rationality out of people who practice prejudice?
Get to lvl 5, max cap at 19.
This is not the team I predicted when Rantanen got healthy
They built 64, counting the test models.
I'll take 76 of those
New to swinging, what about a black ring?
Holy shit please tell me you're missing an
:)
Feel free to skip over it then.
That certainly won't radicalize people
Won't someone please think of the racists?
Al Gore, of course.
So is every region outside of Korea, lol.
Witcher Saga is my favorite, but boy, you're in for a treat in Words of Radiance too!
Are you using hot water?
It's not worse than 2012....
I don't see how this changes that answer.
CP Crooked Politicians
WAKE IT UP WAKE IT UP INSIDE rip siiva
You tell em coach.
Keep your head up Puempel.
say wuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuut
So don't complain about the candidate she helped to prop up
(Except in the primaries)
That would be bad
Actually it just gives rural voters an amplified voice that they don't deserve, while silencing voters in metropolitan areas.
how?
no 27 legends LUL
This is like schadenfreude pornography
ur filtyz skum bee taken mah jerbs, u godarned wopperdoodle
Unless he's playing the Spurs
Probably more level 229 random items exactly the same as is constantly dropping everywhere else in the game, nothing less, nothing more :/
God forbid he makes a Bush laugh
Except them having the same architecture was always planned.
1,558,233
Ugh, that thread made me vomit
I want to cry and I don't even like Russ
Also 2 mins ago someone took a clear high stick but no call.
Pitt is it baby
Just 40 more years to achieve basic reproductive rights... Ah the beauty of male privilege
2016 did kill Castro
You're doing a great job.
Have you heard of Gigapixel?
I lurk here a bit, but I'm not as computer savvy as I used to be.
What about an explosion over a leak?
They are you.
Dude, even buying your tickets, write the ssid and pass on the back for each airport.
Nice
How did he become so grossly incandescent?
And its boosted by forbidden idol items as well so she doesn't need the apkscaling to match karthus DMG.
What if I told you a laptop can charge an iPhone
Agreed
I wonder where his beautiful wife Princess Banana Hammock is?
In ancient greece, wars were fought over hips like those.
Who's the racist now?
*Ring Ring*
It's funny how you don't understand what im trying to convey XDDDDDDDDDDDDD
I'm gonna try and make my grandma a scarf and maybe gloves?
They are playing chess while we sit here playing checkers.
It's not *bad* but you can't help but feel they could have been so much better.
Man, if only there would be a way to deal with indestructible things, that would be cool
WH has 30 days to answer, or else nothing.
But ITS TRUMP!
It doesn't make much of a difference because most grocery stores still don't have the expensive liquor license.
I'm on mobile as well but if you search YouTube for "Not's Demonology WeakAuras Legion" the link should be in the video description.
I believe it was found to be viable to 93% of premises, up from the 90% initially touted.
I didn't go with that because I was afraid to even watch that one...
Godwin's Law strikes again!
#BLAME THE RUSSIANS
Following in the footsteps of Tony soprano.
You are delusional lol
You can't understand Uganda culture
No.
BRZ master race, join the club
Flux
Fabricate Claim is a wonderful thing.
WinPE does not support wireless adapters, so that won't work
It's snowing like shit downtown, wonder how many people show up to the game.
Well if Trump gets into power, we have his first bombing target
More often than not, you get someone with no clue on how to play rein on your team, like the guy wastes his shield just standing in the open taking shots, doesn't call when fire striking, etc
force your hand onto to the pole and keep on moving it as in 'I'm uncomfortable'.
I want the same for my Tempest.
Make it only apply to nether swap?
Get up in his ass Larry!
So.. bro 1 and bro 2 share blood but sis 1 only shares a blood relationship with bro 2... I don't honestly see how this works unless one of them is a virgin birth
It has been reduced to 17 turns (spawned in shelter with wolf)
Nah now its "DAE think GTAV is shit cuz GTA online"
they're not giving the game away for free..
I love you bro/brodudette lol
Hah, I thought this was a joke about the 003 on his arm.
I want a beard on my troll.
Good thing that the Feminists are so determined to tackle this problem.
OMG kill me, no, really, kill me.
It's cool, thank you.
I just too sloshed to fight.
Looked fine post game.
They should have gone the Flash TV show route and pep talk him to death
One of my friends stood in the corner Blair Witch style thinking that aliens had come for us.
Hypocrite saale, stop smoking need to cut down the pollution.
serves you right for expecting a meaningful reply on reddit.
Very funny meme and not overused at all.
Because both of those issues are bullshit?
ya.. that's what I was thinking
I grabbed her by the pussy
Let a man meme where he wants.
That would make sense.
Yeah, go play with any of his card and take a massive power swing and miss.
Yorkies?
In a thread about which cars we like, I dared to write "I like German cars", which got me over 80 downvotes.
Get rich quick schemes, what could go wrong?
This entire thread is hilarious and amazing.
Found the Flash fan
Probably dislike bots from the illuminati skype group
Fuck yeah
Olive Garden, Buffalo Wild Wings
Citation needed
Less important than what
If he has a cuckold fetish he still needs a semi attractive woman to find someone willing to fuck her
I both hate and love that this is sticking around.
criiisssp
Oh dear.
She looks like Amy Adams
LOST live was an amazing internet community experience matched till now only by breaking bad and mr robot
Victoria two for me
It's a bit ridiculous to get legend with less than 50% winrate anyhow.
Everyone knows "bungie please don't nerf this" is the best way to get something _not to be_ nerfed!
He he he build wall and he he think muslim bad and he he he is racist
BBC don't want it clashing with sky's coverage of the other NFL games.
They'd make it worse and called it Watergate 2.0 or some such nonsense.
Nothing.
Finally a vacuum cleaner that is strong enough to get rid of all cat hair...
Jack Frost
Yeah nevermind, living here is literally the worst
My daughter is playing with Doc McStuffins' toy hospital - I don't even exist right now :)
2013 FSU
This is the first time I've see a new English word I didn't know in a long while, thanks.
BUT VOLJIN STILL IS ALIVE DAD U SWEAR HE CANT DIE D,X
How would it be wrong to assume that native Germans would be white?
Its called making a joke, boy.
That turn in to lickers if not disposed of properly.
***FOOD***
A gun**
Looking....*Frisky*
thanks
Dang combine this super move with a pokemon that's mega evolved...
lol, fair enough in that regard.
Don't tell me what to do
I used a brass bat for many years and there maybe some wear but nothing to noticeable that I can tell.
I just did.
I hope he plays season 2 missions.
The earth is still massive compared to the moon?
They're releasing it in Episodes, SQ42 episode 1 is supposed to be 28 chapters long.
Your boyfriend needs to get his eyes checked because I had a baked potato for dinner last night and it kinda looks like your face.
Well I think we've found the 4th
Yes its not really that similar to anywhere else.
Cos Nicoll Highway arh
Honestly, most only bother with Brits, it is exceedingly annoying.
Sieg Heil!
yahhh the driver and the asian were probably in on it together as a joke.
That is discrimination.
Didn't you see the frontpage Podesta is a satanist
Someone watched too much McCarthyTVTM
Why would you do that?
I was pretty sure at first that this said Ben Stiller, and I was way more excited.
Baby may look straight but you don't sound like it.
Owned you bro!
Uh Alex, what is potato?
Egotism
Yeah that's why is rather backpack if I'm going any distance tbh I don't like driving lol.
Don't forget 72 virgins if you an-hero.
no thanks, this is a completely worthless recipe, but good luck with your monetization, hairy armed gif maker.
Not sure how familiar you are with due process.
Exactly my point
I got this bug like 1 or 2 times the whole season so dont I think it is riot fault
Ok lets over analyze some shadow boxing video.
"only in new york"
The dude should have filed charges of assault against her for the attack.
is
Why did it fail?
He mentioned Tiesto, classic Donnie wanting to bring eurosnobs to MLS
sky temple is a bad example though, bcause its one of the very few maps with a central watchtower
And then Hermes fail to deliver it repeatedly or throw it in to the bin outside, etc.
Conversely, I'm not interested in any weeb bullshit where they wrestle dolls and 9 year old girls.
That one was bullshit.
If this continues, this is what CPS is for.
ah ok good
happy tree friends IRL
we will never get to see it
Everytime I go to my Fiancee's house her little sister is watching a different Minecraft video and is usually watching the same one when I leave like 5 hours later.
why are his arms so red?
wtf is happening on the left
Clearly you have extensive knowledge of pharmaceutical trials.
Bring in.. the EDER
Hoping the judge has his head on straight, because unless the plaintiffs could somehow see into the future and know that the legislature would settle the issue, Davis' request for the denial of legal fees is completely unreasonable.
Red dead 3...
D E U S V U L T E U S V U L T
Pls contact a doctor
I beg to differ, you can never work out too much \#GetSwole \#DoYouEvenLift
"th trade" beware of the ~~scammers~~ seller tho
Don't worry buddy, as long as people bet against you, you have nothing to worry about.
Go read those threads , if you care so much about them then , if you aren't interested in this why'd you bother commenting
I think I can speak for all of the Founding Fathers when I say that they all would all unanimously vote for Trump.
Foreign elite and openly gay judges
Well, it's not like he is going to use it anyway.
I think it may be a Pokemon
Get rid of your eyes, that might help
I claim no knowledge of SDC other than that which is posted in the linked thread.
Hail Sagan!
Not so weird considering what you do in the game ;)
Both of these major options are corrupt and bad for dinner, vote 3rd party: Mac and cheese on pizza.
I'm sure the custom t-shirt places could make you one.
I won't buy it, I'm not using wireless internet for gaming.
Xander Cage: The things I'm gonna do for my country.
I think that Fucale have more potential than Condon.
Lol I swear this happens with every online game I wanna get back in to.
Cops in the rear view.
Why shouldn't it be?
He had three dropped passes last night
Thrupenny bits?
Selenas deluxe tracks got both my 0 and my 11
Leading with the crown of the helmet is illegal.
And they say men have nothing to be worried about while alone on the streets.
uhhhhh legal weed starts un January bro
Is aquaphor a carb?
Aren't you glad you can just use keys now?
I loved this series, but christ it took like 3-4 books to start getting a handle on what the hell was going on in the world.
It goes online literally the second it airs.
You are really proving your points well
Try asking Caren
The 91/30 is a 1930 hex, the M38 is a 1945, which strikes me as odd because I had understood that they stopped them in 44 Don't mind my aquarium timer, lol
I think this is extremely relevant and should have been included in your original post.
I see you're pretty optimistic about Jill Stein
Well, those who steal them are really stupid, because you would buy another one hence contribute more to that campaign.
You're right, they're all shitty people.
Looks good man.
Should've hooked the leg.
Ah bleach, too bad we didn't get a proper ending =/
That is like what phones cost.
I heard a rumor that the mods of r/politics are facing indictment
Is this an Acer or a Costco policy?
I feel like i got punched in the stomach by my emotions after seeing the ending.
Holy shit that's a good price... If I had the money I'd buy it in a heartbeat, spent 120 on my Kimura 6 and now I'm regretting it xD
Are you forgetting about the time he got stuck in an airport for a year?
I heard his man batter tastes like whiskey.
Neo was way more consistent than snax
**WE SHIT ON THEM WE BACK BOYSSSS**
It is known.
That's the best reply out here
You can't do it because he is legitimately excited and shocked at what he sees.
looking forward to that!
That's just Fredbear.. Not bredbear..
What you mean a random tiny...sand pit in the middle of Tanaris (which btw has both the Cavern's of Time and Zul'farak, both of which are super interesting) that has nothing to it's name besides the Thunderdome but apparently has 3 big crime families and is a bustling metropolis isn't believable and isn't more interesting then something like the Titan's or the Dragon Aspects or the Burning Legion or anything from Northrend or really anything?
But doesn't the owner of property have the right to say "If you want to live on my property then you have to abide by my rules"?
As an American that has watched every Simpsons episode twice, it just clicked for me too.
Si Jessica lang talaga ang gusto ko sa Netflix-Marvel series.
amazing how casual he is just walking in as if he belongs there.
So you can write an n, but not an o?
It's already confusing to players according to ANet.
Standard or PPR?
paging u/its_woman_not_women
Hm, I was wondering if you knew that since you seem to care about an American candidate so much, you're calling him a fool.
Indiana is either the Gray Flat State, or the "lets move" state.
I'm pretty sure that was just some concept art for a young Solid Snake.
Brietbart is a cancer
Great, because another offense hero is really what we needed...
I don't know where this really belongs, but it deserves to be seen.
Pros don't stack 4 on 1 site lol...
You won the internet today buddy, this is the best thing I've ever seen.
I won't lie, I watched it twice
F
I'm not that tall :) I meant pretending to be dumber than I am or more untalented or diminish my achievements just to make a guy feel better about himself.
Obligatory obligatory comment
I suggest that you don't spend them in packs and instead wait for times of need, like for example the Jared Leto Joker timed event, which uses a lot of energy and you may want to buy a refill to complete most/all stages.
HOLDDOOR
Wot
This is a CNN show right?
stormtroopers=marines yo YAT YAS FROM 29 PALMS OP STEEL KNIGHT
30-35% is good for genji
Hur dur im a misogynist racist.
He admits it in the last episode.
That Cena, reckless af...
Not at all lol I don't advocate murder when I don't like people.
Noct.
There's a whole lotta sea shells soaked in Sylvester Stallones shit sitting in some stalls in the future
Nah, that would just be childish.
funnier than the title
Dad is that you.
THICC
Gonna send inv
That sounds like a great idea for a university with inadequate housing and several acres that it's sitting on waiting to develop.
Call the shop, tell the manager, and make them fix it.
Literally pay to chin
Make it burn mana like Apollo's ult.
Cuz fuck you that's why
Because they find it more fun than osu!std ?
I see, those pics did look too good to be true lol.
Funny you say that I would honestly be really hyped if they announced xPeke as starting mid, even though I doubt he would compete with the best midlaners today.
"Obviously the FBI is Russian and working with Drumpf, no way its just Hillary being a criminal ;("
I thought that was our default?
Now some kids won't be able to snort those marijuanas and try and jump off a roof because they think they're birds!
4 spy is the most useless thing in existence
"Make America Great Again!"
Focus on building the roster, competent booking, part timers putting over the new guys instead of each other, KO looking competent, Roman either dropping the US Title or getting away from the main event scene and fighting the midcard guys who need a title to go after, Gallows and Anderson getting a huge push, some NXT call-ups, and less filler crap.
And then you can visit me!
Yea we hate Shelby
Reaper is actually the son of Gabriel Reyes :O!
Articolo citato nell'ultimo episodio di Digitalia, fa piacere condividere
"Literally" Yeah because all of these intelligence agencies are not corrupt &amp; driven by money
/uj I've been telling people don't expect a full expansion.
Come visit Florida instead!
If there's one thing I know, it's that Republicans support state rights especially when those laws go against their legislative agenda!
"I-I'm sure that'll work."
Especially the brown ones.
You see so many articles where guys are on the hook when the kids arent even theirs, it does a person good to see things go this way for a change.
This is a really dickish post imo... I think reddit is the real cringe this time.
That describes most babies/infants in the world.
Laying on the gdamn horn but thanks for playing
I refuse to support smurfs.
DEJA VU
Rule 86!
Vargas Salido is the standout so far
Tumblr
This is fine
hell yeah I will
because it doesn't make sense; if he existed he would just tell me he existed secondly souls don't make sense; braindamage show us that "you/me" are material, not something undamageable
Who the fuck cares
S
Morning catnip!
you are the only one, the chosen one.
Well, that one still stands to be honest.
Well even more reason a UWP isn't necessary
So North Korea would have to roll out OP's Mom first?
This is the MSM.
Lawsuit!
i was just going to say
but HFC was alternate timeline, so isn't he still alive in our timeline?
When 2017 comes I expect none of this "triggered" shit from 2016 to come over
Seems like those that call themselves 'Patriots' these days are nothing more than authoritarian fascist.
But the UOL manager doing the EU NA shit was hilarious.
~~Kibler~~ ~~Shiro~~ Our masterful dragon lord could always face the winner.
My god, it would take you years!
you end up in lp for the same, but this time you only need 1 game where you are reported, FANTASTIC VALVE
holy shit.
and Windows Vista?
When was she found guilty of perjury?
but but but.... Trump is a racist.... isn't he?
Does he still say it?
He even looks like him.
I wish it could be compiled in GCC/G++ - Sucks having to install all that VS bloat.
Trump makes Trump look bad.
Idk why, but it reminds me of the ruined city near the end of inception
Might as well ruin the integrity of the CIA as well
This, of course, coincides with the law of physics which states that 'Nothing is illegal if nobody catches you'
But that post is more than 10 minutes old!
McNuggets The 50 McNugget challenge was a cakewalk and they go down so easy.
*cough*Forsberg*cough*
just send him to the desert
Game
yeh, fukken mong m8
First they'll convince the weak-minded among you that we were never Americans to begin with.
"He feared for his life."
this blew my mind
You are banned from r/eagles
please read this while sober
3 games, 12 goals with him in net... Let's play him again!
What did he say
Casuals always f up our votes!
Feel No Pain (2+)
It's been two weeks since I started school, which was in... 1981.
This kills the feet
wanna taste me?
can't tell if
Reddit links don't count
Galaxy S7 has a headphone jack though
As someone that almost lost the knee down in Iraq, bless this child.
God the lack of punctuation in that post makes it nigh on impossible for me to read.
Can I borrow some Renown?
I would be genuinely surprised if the Russians haven't put a nuke into the Crimean Peninsula yet.
League and cs:go have a fuckton more players, obviously they have an easier time matchmaking.
*north woods* *alabama*
eh what?
I'm resisting the urge.
His only minion was Noggenfogger, and the targeting very clearly passed Noggenfogger before landing on the final target.
Hey Jordan Nolan is an elite sniper
I didnt make it that far into the video originally, lmao thanks for that!
Can't have your hair loose like that whilst on duty, it's fake.
I can likely combine what you have into searchable pdf.
By any chance, do you know what it is?
nobody, thats why the person you ass fuck needs to eat more of it.
Its enough buzzwords to throw the idiots that frequent this sub into a frenzy
Yeah, because I want to see a foul called every time someone dares to play defense
"This is no gym for a girl".
Guys......The Larriors were coming off of a back to back, lets give them a break
You do realize that Harden was in charge of guarding Kobe when he was with OKC right?
As someone who plays Verdun, it didn't seem THAT bad :P
I find cars and computers to be more significant than Apple or Fast foods....
r/insertions would like to have a word with you (NSFW)
Man is that even doable because I'm still having trouble finding .22 rounds at the store.
Yeah, I have never seen someone with that long of a face before
While bystanders gawk and film it.
glad i'm not the only one who noticed
Naw we had myspace.
I believe it's the Schneebooty.
TIL that only Clinton and Nixon are allowed to use the "I don't recall" strategy and that everyone else is too unprivileged to use it.
Or I'm not casting a protest vote.
What
Difference is those probably didn't make you want to vomit like this obviously did to the anchor on our left
I don't see Klopp being so pissed off that he has nussing, absolutely nussing to say, either.
Time to go and for the 6 core goodness?
If you're serious PM me your zip and I'll go price it out tomorrow at the post office.
HANDS
I think it was sometime before the cigar.
I'll do it with my primary kids!
OPs Mum.
*kill the physicists*
We've gone meta
I thought It was 11 people?
lol u trihard dis is casul lol salty stoip tring 2 win look up causl in the dictionary lol calm don y r u so trihard just play 2 hav fun lol dont b so salt lol
and airplane riders
Or they just hate self righteous douchebags like you and the previous commenter.
What fucked up fanfics are you reading
"modded" This isnt GTA V, bye
para wala na daw magisip ng rally
Basically you're doing software-y stuff to make your current 3DS able to play illegal stuff.
Colleen Clinkenbeard
Would do pink troika + orange neptunes or pink troika + pink sun if you add
California?
Thanks.
It's been a pleasure being trolled by you.
Shocking.
Enemy - 6 Healthpack - 60
Are you referring to the 10th floor pool garden?
Doesn't look like anything to me.
Gary Johnson: Even My Nihilism is Wrong.
Play Janus or get BM'd by Diem
wow you're right i hope i don't get ban for doing it
FIRST DATE: So, why are you interested in Asian women?
nikki or gtfo
**BUT NO DAMAGE**
Best thing is the backup dancers had desync.
Healthy way to skip the time no more Phantom's Cigars
Literally every week.
Marooon
It's almost as if he was throwing the plasma at the red X for some unknown reason...
Not, gay, it's gape.
you missed the SSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
She's a persecuted woman
Actually, the exploit snaps in two.
And vise versa.
I saw Bear Grills eat a raw trout before and he is still alive so that means I can eat all fresh water fish raw
These outposts look like they're barely strategically important so hopefully they died for nothing.
Big if true.
I roll for stealth... Natural 1 time to delete my account lol
I think the dungeon finder remembers when you queued up because I've gotten my CTA bonuses after the dungeon is complete and the CTA is gone.
That's rich coming from the other most bandwagon'd franchise :)
Tell your guard that about the 200% penalty and legal case and that he will get fucked , his boss won't save him
Have you recently been swimming in the Dead Sea?
Love to hear your rationalization as to why you think he's entitled.
Come on: taking the hard effort to spend a few minutes voting once every four is vastly superior to someone spending decades in Washington trying to change things.
I didn't really - if I had I would have added other smaller titles.
Sure the FFA have the means to put a potential Canberra team on the market for a bid.
Keanu Reeves' """""Girlfriend""""" is a trap.
That's not a hit, it's someone touching his ear and him rolling around like he got shot in the leg.
I mean i was gonna offer 160 :p
Didn't need a tutorial to become the most sold and played game in the world, why would it need one now?
im your lost brother
oh jeez, I'm guess owning material involving a sex crime
*FOR ONCE*
BB and Capitao's weapons get damage nerf HALLELUJAH
Saying platypi wear fedoras.
He couldn't be 6-4 if he wasn't a pilot before the campaign.
Clermont Lounge
^^^^fuck ^^^^you ^^^^man ^^^^they're ^^^^pretty ^^^^good ^^^^:c
YOU WOULD NOT BELIEVE YOUR EYES
New york heat can't melt hillary clinton!
Lol this fact blew me away, I almost didn't believe it, but it's true.
Here are the ones that feel exotic still to me, in that their exotic perk makes me care to use them when the time is right: * Outbreak Prime * Bad Juju * Gjallarhorn * Dark Drinker * Telesto * Zhalo, as the last remaining elemental primary * Touch of Malice (very situational now, though)
Not according to CNN
only 30 more seasons to go...
But junkrat doesn't require any skill
Do they pay more if they do stuff to your butt?
YOU DA HOTTEST BITCH IN THIS PLACE
Nah, but he got a good hand job out of it.
Your outfit is nicd Black skinnys on your girl would be cooler imo
Damn that's clever
Otamendi is terrible...
They also made him feud with jerry the king lawyer which isn't going to get anyone over
Can G2A just die already?
But Clemson isn't playing!
Yeah you really gotta watch out for those roving gay raping gangs
Yeah grab any flagship Android phone that was released same time as iPhone 6 and learn the true meaning of "lagging".
coz the leaks ain't news
Isn't that the one they collaborated with Charles Manson on?
You mean the war Hillary voted for?
2/10 without rice
Can't wait to see him in The Hawk next week..
i think you might want too look into libertarian ideology and goals a little more closely
But if they're here under DACA are they really illegal?
More money for weed!
Apparently there are closet Trump voters here in this very thread.
Man if this was real it would be so fucking good.
No problem have a great day.
I bet you look at the whiners about Trump and go "sore losers" without seeing the irony
What?
Horizon 3 is midnight club 3 Forza edition.
I got you
Well, his friend definitely doesn't have any accordiation on him so, why would he listen.
Alright.
Make one for is3 or t10 please?
Good thing he runs such a tight ship.
On hit effects: maelstrom gyro op as fuck
The Cadbury you can buy in the US produced by Hershey and fucking terrible.
Hopefully hc uim is put before that year lol
Remember how the GOP was up in arms about "Emperor" Obama over executive orders?
And Michelle Obama *is* black.
"ARE YOU FUCKING SORRY?"
I don't disagree with you but I don't think it happens this season.
I'm jealous of anyone who has the ability to know D'Angelo like that tbh
Good old' Snyder low-mo.
Yeah, I was sad when the DCEU decided to go with New 52 JL instead of starting with MM.
*sirens sound* "ITS BIG POPPA PUMP"
Yeah and susano needs to revert his buff, 42% winrate balance.
A STRONG LEADER would have had that protester thrown out
Can't find you on steam, try adding me instead: rawbban
The creator of this work is in these comments and said it was light rail and rapid transport only, hence Sydney's map.
Bill Clinton grew up dirt poor.
man, why you gotta be so rude?
The big reveal: Liz's father is HAROLD COOPER.
I feel like he is not agressive enough on heroes like ETC though...
Or use their judgement to decide what is safe
Pixel ROM because I'm too cheap to get a pixel itself :P
It's clearly a mental problem, lock em up.
That last one starts with Y.
A monitor silly
It has an expansion tank, though, it sounds like it may no longer be performing its necessary function.
Makes complete sense.
I think this might unseat Castles of Burgundy as my favorite Feld game.
Dr Mobius in Old World Blues.
thanks i try my hardest
LOL
I understand.
Like bullet holes in a car on the Simpsons.
Yeah, joking about stuff is totally against everything Freddie stood for
But what about the patriarchy?
It's comments like yours that give me some hope.
Thank you my friend
No bias at all.
Matt?
It was EYBS meets *muh 100+ years of drought*
Don't worry, only nasty women and bad hombres will be targeted by this committee!
I'm still a little confused.
Like a marionette.
You can hear a pin drop at Clinton HQ event, people are leaving!
Tommy Wiseau definately
How do you see Daniel as a first name?
I've hit elite 3 twice this year and been one game away from elite twice as well, if you want a game my psn is goldenshoes6
I don't disagree with that, I just don't really see how people think it's actually gotten worse than last year
Greg and a rock, sitting in a tree.
What.
Because they believe in myths about gods that have been destroying whole cities and entire civilizations since the dawn of history because of what naked people did, and they don't want to get wiped out because you used extra soap when you washed your parts in the shower this morning.
Pennsylvania, Transylvania, North Carolina - tough for Melania to not get them confused.
Duhh he got a tubby stalker
Eh, I have enough Karma saved up, I can take a few downvotes.
Sleep tight Tucker
On PS4, it isn't new.
Dar nu suntem vecini cu Belarus, nici cu Coreea de Nord...
Shouldn't they be the weight of two curved swords?
Dude
Glass Candy because of Bronson
Read this as "Cheapskate Energy"
That's actually crazy
Fortunately.
I love this answer.
It's metaphorical cancer, idiot!
Did it come with a side dish of restaurant BIG bugs of bed?
Watch out, you might get Autism
Yea let's increase the grind 10 fold by forcing you to endlessly farm rocks and trees all day just so that your shit shack doesn't disappear on you
Golden axe is the only way to go.
The shiniest!
A lot of people still dont realise you can kill with the Pulsa blade :D
Pretty sure Kadri farted near a goalie and got a penalty earlier this season
Advice for programming games
I think their greatest quality is that even though it is scripted, they make it feel like it's live and they're just being idiotic blokes.
I am weirdly friendly in some strange way that causes people to feel comfortable around me, and in privet share secrets that they would not even tell their spouses.
Farage is the laughingstock of the European Parliament.
Well it'd certainly take *someone* related to Satan to pull this tomfuckery
I don't know why match-maker you're not fair
Like on Cougartown?
E$port$
I mean he bails out the team every night, he gets to bail himself out every once in a while.
We're ALL heroes on this blessed day!
Portable chargers are popular
Remembering being a 7-year old kid in the ICU for 6 weeks, let me express my appreciation and admiration for nurses.
Fucking open mouth chewing, not seeing it but the echo it makes coming out of their stupid fucking face is infuriating.
_Au
Make the Bacon, then post elsewhere what to do with the other crap.
Yeah it was overdone I said that
That's what I think.
Shanky82
Well the government is sure to give in now.
"Perhaps mankind was not meant to pet this much."
May I ask where in Italy you want to live?
more like *cat*son 5
Well, team played good, showed good intensity, we practiced good this week and I just thank my teammates and my coaching staff.
But they had a national sorry day, so it's all better now.
Plz
Oh no, we're in trouble!
Getting erect in front of an audience from imagining then naked in order to ease public speaking.
Um, yeah totally I was being a fucking dumbass for a reason.
Problem isn't poor people voting for Trump, it's poor people not voting.
Actually Gary Johnson, didn't know I needed to use
I swear, that puppet figure is going to steal somebody's soul one day.
hey darius its me ur brother
I'd also settle for riding on the back of a Pit Lord.
This is a 3 month old story, why would Samsung just ignore this phone if there was a problem?
She's going to be all tuned up on steroids and flip out on national TV
I think he meant there were two bad calls in this game.
He has a point, Jesus was MGTOW
He writes the coalition listing, and has to update it whenever Sort does random things
Am I missing something or are you just describing the basic process of pin rolling...?
Wasn't there an engine problem on some of the new civics?
That's not a castle nut on the back of the knob?
You forgot the
Gotta be someone else using his phone right?
This looks pretty sick!
/#MultiDisplayMasterrace for splitscreen gaming ;)
Just do it fighter plane style and put the cabin atop a 20 foot long turbine.
I tried reading this, but got distracted halfway through.
Cute!
What MSP platform?
KEK (the top one)
Or just get it digital, and have it downloaded and ready to play the second you get home.
You forgot
I played 3 on 3 as a kid at La Verne (inline), but this was like 15 years ago, haha.
If this is the meme of the month I quit
#NAME?
hint 1: it is a fantasy novel based in the modern world
I think the Scots might piss their kilts and flee.
Filled, sorry guys.
TENDIESSSSSSSS
That's a pretty extreme statement abot an organisation that isn't at all dead or dying.
That one is too perfect, I'm calling Poe.
Heaven forbid you play to have fun instead of for Competition :(
It's generally not a sign of intelligence to support Trump either.
Welcome to partner commanders.
I don't think women in their 20s like to sexualise men that look like 15 year old boys...
I thought this was common knowledge o.o grats on the gold and karma!
You have done what many have failed to do.
Dissent *is* treason
Cause he's on an empty fucking stomach!
American political philosophy sees the institutions that provide positive freedoms as inherently threatening to negative freedoms.
Gulf of Mexico.
That's some pretty green grass right thurr.
Busking to wagon wheel because pat the bunny and johnny hobo are too overplayed now-a-days.
The problem was that he was on a bigger team while still very immature and I think that magnified the shit he says by 1000x and then the whole bullshit with the throw.
Ahh that brings me back
Parallel paths.
Smoking meth.
Ahhh, OK, that sounds better.
I'm stayin' out of this one...
He actually is a good player, but he also is a dickhead, you'd think after a few suspensions you'll know to not do that shit.
Isn't Mackinnon a right shot, too?
Fira Mono
Taking alone is way to go
Ok, what the fuck is up with this Hallomeme thing?
Or Katy perry
My opponent had Blount, Dez, Big Ben, Baldwin, and Broncos D. Unless AJ Green has a game for the ages, I am falling to 5-5.
RIP Fitzpatrick
Can the Oklahoma band be banned from the shoe next year?
Yes
He says that this is how he actually talks, and that he just suppressed it for YouTube.
Well, I want a girl Brainer then Kurt Cobain's garage ceiling.
ITT: insecure Americans taking shots at China in an article having nothing to do with them.
Far better than the sexpat white pedophiles that are everywhere in the Philippines.
So you failed then?
They *should* go after litterers.
yes good job there, lets kill bitcoin.
HA, I guess if you have the chance to play against Nade and Big T you just kind of go with anything.
TFW you think you have an original idea and are about to post it, but someone else took it
Paradise is my jam, plus Hannah Diamond is in it and I absolutely love her.
FBB I believe.
You don't know how annoying this is when you're in a dogfight chasing the enemy and he is acting up like that, just going back and forth.. Really good countermeasure tho
Sorry for the random reply three days later but I just pulled an apprentice Fishing rod out of a yellow drop so I can confirm they drop in those.
Are you in vw mode or tc-ss mode?
His accent just tops it off
Hello nurse!
Obama?
unless it's Texas, I really don't think we would want to nuke the one area where most of our oil comes from.
SnapBack was a present from my gf so I don't know how long it took to get here.
Customers cannot read especially if it is not the price they want
The best thing about the Smart pistol being merged into the ground in TF2 is that there won't be as many people whining about it.
this is the guy that cashed a $0.13 check, do you honestly think he isn't going to take the $400K?
Taunt doesnt need a colon after it, instead a period would fit.
Regardless of which idiot I vote for, it's the wrong thing.
Think you forgot the
2Rspeople
You obviously don't know the power of Luuuuuv
No news on Q?
Same goes for a dead Lucio, right?
honestly, idk about the iPhone 8, but i would be surprised if the iPhone in a couple years has 0 openings.
The panhandle coming in was the holy shit moment last night, just kept getting better from there
Casie Anthony
Could be it is not loaded.
If this was an American show they'd just be celebrating
I wish this worked at all.
I count the number of yard signs.
That is also when I realized there is no "ed" in your "f$&amp;@" I cared enough to point that out
Are you asking us or Bamco?
Where/how did you message them?
It makes my blood curl...
Yeah the got it open yesterday for emergency vehicles only.
That's a good reason for why people stay in abusive relationships but we all know that OP wrote it about his/her high school girl/boyfriend that wanted to hang out with friends instead of a trip to the mall
Dont blame me
you go first
Just use the freaking underhand free throw!
Smackdown definitely isn't live....
Eh, dont mind me, i raged because im triggered everytime i see something like this on a website.
Based on what one parent said it seems very likely.
Misha looks like a rat
Yeah I remember the title being "10 -"
1
Atlantic bro's anyone?
TIL
ONE SIMPLE TRICK!
He can support the team by winning the game for them.
wow that would send me into a manic frenzy of constant pretending to look busy in case of surveillance
Probabaly because they sold a lot of the 1ggteu cars in japan, plus 2jz cqn be swapped into it.
The memes... They never die #RIPHarambe
Are guns a right?
thats not what i'm saying at all luckily :)
Doesnt look like a muslim
Jebaited
It's probably the shiny filter.
what if playing at 3,840 x 1024 with about the same?
For those wanting the gist of the actual story, they are discussing the lack of insight in how the job of crown princess was filled, suggesting that she may have slept her way to the job.
I know, which is what I'm gonna do.
Those are some fantastic nipples!
Okay.
Tell him no, Eifert is on bye so Pitta has to eat.
You dropped this:
hehehehe
I keep mine with matte black, but I'm a minimalist sometimes.
More competitive like, lower, right?
That's how Leaks nowadays works.
Yeah but what year
My favorite Bible passage is when Jesus grabbed Mary by the pussy and told the disciples to check out her sex tape
He's a system TE for sure.
Why cant we have a gif of someone eating it
It honestly feels like the frog is a high tanker and Evan is his accessory.
I'm sure this will end well if it were true
So does this.. The first of everything new looks like shit... This will get better.
what a waste of money for pros like me who never die
Good idea, the atmosphere in here is Unreal.
I've had professors who seem to be the living dead.
I liked his cameos on 30Rock.
My left or your left?
Trust a 14 yr old to spew a bunch of crap
Probably because the sun shines out their ass.
4/20 and I would have gone to work but then I got high.
"Yea granted I def should've doubled checked" Jesus Christ.
For slaughtering illegals until the wall gets built?
Poor Porsche 914, never gets any love.
Wow.
Yeah, just sounded funny when you first hear it lol
Dota uses source2, GO uses source1(still)
Da blu snek is hungry.
Tail fin sticking out about 1" from the ground
it makes it hurt all the more :(
You even made an account for this... WoW
I know, and he should work on it
arm drag to gentle single leg land in side control then across leg drag to back take.
Gotta also give thanks to The League, his appearance there was part of his character rehab.
Good thing they limited the RAM to 16GB to compensate!
Clearly the answer is for all the people who'd be hit hardest by this is to eat healthier, tighten your belt and pull yourself up by your bootstraps
Oits Ialways Nsunny Tin Bphiladelphia
What is camera1 referring to and what was wrong with its positioning?
um that doesn't very realistic...
Yea ima need you too speak up
Couldn't possibly be what hundreds of pieces of evidence is pointing to, so it has to be a Right Wing Conspiracy Theory.
He's fucking got my vote
So, you can't prove what you're saying?
Nope!
olaf trynd and darius are like the matchups where SS is the most important imo, but to each their own I guess.
so you can nuke her when she breaks up with you?
And now, so do I!
The US gov't never has to plan for retirement.
Yeah James White has played really well this year
We've provided lots of evidence supporting our claim, and they just dismiss it as "conspiracy theories" the burden of proof is on us, yes, but they simply dismiss our proof and never actually explain why it's false
Ah, thanks
I knew I should've gotten the red CFV instead.
Wee?
Yes, but the fire rate is much lower than that of the other rifles, which means you will be shredded in close range almost every time.
Little do you know Kog just has a kink.
How do you say 'banana daiquiri' in Spanish?
But that'd be illegal!
The poor kitty just wants some Radiohead :(
hng?
[meta] you keep using that flair, I do not think it means what you think it means
Just migrant workers, waiting to get paid and get the free lunch.
All the ones Google doesn't want me to see.
I'm going to do that.
She also has a property conflict with one of Trump's golf courses.
Indonesia is clearly not a *real* muslim country
Must be someone other than Kellyanne 'It's not for me to take away a grown man's Twitter account' Conway.
I'm 17, I hate the 90s, got a thing for the 80s though.
The tornado map from MW3 was one of my favorite maps ever.
The hacker has become the hackee
You missed that one really big plus he has going for him as well.....
I'm fine with nothing sexual, but can we at least smoke a few blunts together?
With that tiny LOP, yuuup.
got my 1st penta kill
Please someone allow me to use this as my phone screen saver
Commando dom.. Fuck zombie dom.
Not looking forward to seeing this one in the wild.
The pope is against self abuse.
They aren't actually lasers, they're punch beams from the punch dimension.
What item that's not crossed out on the list are you after?
Dallas, TX
Thanks, I will do the same.
Dan Honnor?
Like others have said, this has worked fine for me since first release (I ordered mine when preorders were up so received them on launch date).
Anything more than a fg and it's over!
And then we'll hear about how the GOP has been pushing for free trade and open borders the last decade
i shoulda left you is a banger god damn
It's just a fantasy bro .
If my girlfriend fucked bdd I'd be proud
I am not sure if that would be desync...
I used to work with her....
Break the pressure
Given that nobody in this thread has even mentioned Vent you seem to be the confused one.
Riptor would be dumb to do stance mk from that range, anyway.
Nah, don't lie, we all know it was the Amish again
We'll build a wall and make NY pay for it
You need to learn the definition of the word then..
We also have the Institute, which uses the technology as a front door replacement.
Looks bigger than the Yankee stadium pitch at least.
Just wait til Black Lives Matters gets a hold of this info.
Not sure the uniform is ww1?
Damn, I wish I had a skatepark to get stoned at ; (
Damn, wish I could go to a concert where the singer is blowing their nose and coughing every 20 seconds.
Not to be a dick but if you think people around here hated it I think you may have been on the wrong website.
And a 4th next year.
But where's the unedited footage, you shill?
Well.. it was a crouch spray.
The red / pink is a bit fierce.
Sexy Cyborg!
Totally jealous of that 9 minute kill time
And Left 4 Dead 3, and Half Life 3
Muse the band
Do they have a mass effect drive or something?
Damn, I'll take "offspring of drunk Irishmen who abandoned their families" for $100 Alex.
normal
Gotta make everyone's life easier, right?
But you are on reddit not youtube~
Learn to read it might help in life
Well, walking in after Harbaugh built them up didn't hurt things.
Can we catch a punt in stride just once?
You should get that checked out.
I'm guessing a lot of people lost a lot of fucking money on this sub by hammering Clinton at like -400 or less.
He got ragdolled like the little shit he is, fuck him
Im pretty sure I wore out my VHS copy as a kid.
Stfu Uncle Tom
You may need to look around online, Gamestops use to put out the whole boxes and thats how most got circulated.
Killary
Yes
Depends, are they pointing guns at us?
Kid looks like a future school shooter
Who?
From steph curry territory
G
INHUMAN REACTIONS
You're* And hopefully not, I love him on the squad
Let's just steal the earth and sell it to some alien overlord
Looks pretty stupid to have flags in your bedroom, but that's just my opinion.
Glad I swapped Harris out for Cobb 5 minutes before the game started!
That's... normal?
Murderbook, successor to the Donglebook Pro, more power, expanded bludgeon-ablity
Sounds like you're in for a frosty pegging....
3 hours later... U give up yet?
Okay.
The high number of undecided voters makes the forecasts much wider
I always have thought of it as Digital Signal Processor...because Lucio and doing a lot of research into DIY audio electronics.
Well he's not wrong
Says a lot about Slick Willy.
Florida has an Orange in the center of the plate, and someone had A55 RGY, with a big circle in the middle
Yeah but there's no way you can know *anything* about Syria unless you know about Aleppo.... That's like saying you know what Texan independence means without knowing the Alamo
Looks like a r/nosleep character
Imma be there boyz
Nothing changes people's minds like a passive aggressive note
Thanks
But but but some of the modding tools resemble Morrowind modding, therefore the this is the Morrowind engine...
The head hat thing IS NOT talked about as much as it should be
I like how Washington just absorbed most of the Pacific NorthWest
Lol very fucked America
Because if he isn't Paul, Victor or Bridgette he's terrible in every way according to r/bigbrother
jacare unluckiest best fighter ever
fuck that shit
lol
When, historically speaking, has that *ever* actually worked?
Well until the ginger is added its just bubbling sugar water, so technically...
Im not the person in the article, but I'm ugly and don't pass.... sorry... I didn't mean to ruin your life.
But not participate in it LOL
Yeah tray would be an easier way to explain it
[M] and swamps and rice paddies and ect.....
Well he deserved it because DWI suspects are worse than child molesters... Sorry, just toeing the MADD party line
This
Apple cider and fireball
Pantera - Walk
Doesn't really sound like him.
Except it has been the liberal left overwhelmingly this election.
I get that you guys are just trollling and probably don't really care about Trump winning, but man, I know that a Hillary victory is really gonna piss you off.
Consoles get patches a week after PC.
I usually go through and turn off everything, it usually is a weird on like Facebook messenger that causes this.
He, ummm, had a stroke and cannot speak anymore =D
Oh, I never said that it was easy or possible, just clarifying what a dirty bomb was.
Sounds like Louis CK.
It's obviously a sidewalk or bike trail.
Clearly voter intimidation
SEC is just so clutch
I can't believe Russia and America still do macro level dick measuring, when the people on Reddit do it for them.
Valor
Do you have to secure secrets from yourself or those who aim to assist you?
Omg I would be lying if I denied wegmans being a small factor for choosing UB.
We're surprisingly good at keeping games very close until around midway through the 4th quarter.
Thanks for understanding that we're not removing content because we want to.
Kinda feel like they should support the Indians...
good night everyone
Touche.
It is now socially acceptable to curl up alongside someone and cuddle and completely ignore them the next day.
Taxing empty investment properties would affect local buyers as well.
I do this constantly.
Edge is basically a water mage, lets be honest
So they are just the same character
I STARTED PLAYING JUNGLE AGAIN CAUSE OF YOU MY TEAMMATES STILL FED
i was having a good day you know and I was like "well i guess I'll let this playerhurp guy off the hook ;)
I think fuck you is the best
YES.
Oh shit thanks
Ouch
Because drinking jokes.
If only they knew actual people into their fetishes exist.
Saying kappa after a statement is sorta like a
They still throw out every sample included in the batch if the batch tests positive.
7-11 doing something dodgy, never would have expected that.
Brown rice is cool but white rice tastes better (imo) Both are cheap and provide good sustenance for the cost
I don't get it.
No, it's a teeny-tiny enclave of DPRK within Germany, therefore not in the EU or Schengen.
Trump just got elected, so I would hold it a little longer.
in the 6th grade i got an extremely explicit sexual letter by someone that made me cry and swap out of the class freshmen year guess whos in my class and wont stop talking to me fuck not again
Undermines the foundation of the democracy and the legitimacy of the winner.
Do I need to watch Planet Earth in order to understand the plot for Planet Earth II?
he was lucky, if he was older he would have been piledrived into the ground and have a broken back
Lol yeah I figured all that but I have those written at the end and I wanted them all the same aesthetically
It's because people hate on Tombstone and the Void Bow, but in really they "ain't" that bad
Because only men can be sex offenders
Only quick dev literally unplayable
C'mon man just go to Machu Picchu!
You make that sound like a bad thing.
I am having a similar issue, however mine is stuck on the loading screen at 65%.
Should I start later in the show then
And you forgot to mention how Putin said in 2003 he pan to sell Oil for Euro/Ruble.
I miss the pre-naxx days where the choice amounted to having it die to Big Game Hunter or die to Black Knight
While a sick burn, this is news to me and also want to know more.
Now shrooms I can get but I think I would be more in control with acid
No all the media was in on it and the Democratic party didn't fight the voter suppression and the news barely mentioned it.
Isn't that just implied with people like that?
I just want some more new style Tristam man, that's all I can really ask for.
First line of the OP
She brought her husbands guts in to settle her mind intestine for poisons.
where got
Aw u sure showed all those women having fun without u I bet ur crush regrets turning u down for prom after seeing that sick burn
Lol ok
Do you live on an island?
Didn't he also hold the flag upside down or something?
FBIanon hinted that the nightclub shooting was staged to push gun control.
Such brave and noble people gotta love that hypocrisy!
Still, making the screenshot itself is faster than taking your phone out of your pocket and the quality will be much better.
Fancy seeing you here :3
There's roughly the same number of people online at the same time on both subreddits, so.. practically true.
TIL the Belfast is a better Flint..
How dare you assume his level of attractiveness
It looks so obvious
Yeah, I won't believe it until you start recording this.
triggered
The lich king is my favourite diablo boss
I see what you did there, I like you fellow dirty minded individual!
While seeing their reactions would be great, it wouldnt fit as a "Shenanigans" video, this would be more of a behind the scenes maybe
If we're being honest, it's because the only people who talk about anthropology are studying anthropology.
I assure you I've played *plenty* of videogames.
What did he do?
Elon musk should fund this, for betterment of humanity ofcourse
My Dad is coming home from overseas.
And the other half are either dead or boring.
Delete my username from your phone, please.
Alt+f4.
Will try this, too, next time I'm in trouble!
In game masked is by far my favorite
So it's totally ok to maim them with dogs!
What kind of questions do you guys heavily disagree on such that you guys have a 67% match?
nL strikes again with their awesomeness.
Life is strange is such a Great game, what did you most like about it ?
And a real job
Insulin pumps are manual, the other would be automatic
Christmas can bring out the good and the worst in people.
Legendary Robbery
They are not buying for the money....they are buying a foothold in Malaysian commerce.
No breaks!
Whole app looks like WP calculator with less functions.
That sounds like a solution.
Its crazy looking through your post history and seeing everything down voted
Nope I don't think he should because Ea messed up just like the base elite glitch and dont act like if you didn't see all those FM and was able to get moss you wouldn't -_- !
Dude, spoiler tag that stuff
Yeah, because that looks super fun.
Rex in his final encounter with good ol' clankers.
NAY TOUCHETH NOT YOND
*Points at door*
Super Mario RPG and chrono trigger the other 2?
What, like Gavrilo Princip?
Shit's fucked 'yo.
he forgot the
On one subset of one platform that it is available on... So yeah, context.
Jokes on us, this is part of the 12D Backgammon operation.
Then enjoy President Trump.
[FE14 Rev](#s "Does that mean at the end of Revelation when Corrin is crowned king/queen of Valla they called you 'Queen Queen Zoe'?")
quindi gli fai due occhi come i tuoi?
Because 15 years old are very mature, right?
It's just a fad
Lol me too I think The mighty frog also intended for it to work like this seems so weird otherwise
Wow so convincing!
I need ti rip that audio out of my disc.
I call bullshit
Probably my favorite Gambino song.
Yes very stereotypical and too broad.
Pretty sure the womyn would pass over that class to take extra copies of gender studies.
Will.I.Am turning into a robot was the start of the problem imo
Yeah, I do think I'd be okay, but it'd really help if someone could confirm they've done this, because I want my games to play in 60hz, and I also have my recording setup geared to capture 60 FPS and don't want to constantly have to adjust the capture rate each time I swap consoles mid-capture.
Mommie Clinton knows best...
What's the best way to remove oil stains from carpet?
out of the way stupid
If you'd play the game as intended (California family that travels weekly) you'd enjoy the game proper!
So women have to wear dresses now?
Der Riese &lt;3 Moon :) Origins BEST Revelations :/
Bas has been so bad for so long :( Have you tried listening to the Podcast He and Mauro are doing?
ITS HER FUCKING TURN THO
Can confirm - SQB has many silly children, whom he engages with regularly.
I believe in you.
Where r the stars?
Not really, the bad luck protection wasnt working at all as intended ;)
Yeah I know haha.
Lots and lots of underwear.
"When you want the puck but also want to live to see Christmas" i chuckled
Yes, but with Star Fox Zero I have never been afraid to speak my mind.
Hi :)
As far as I know the laws of thermodynamics have not been refuted.
I didn't send a simple message and now she's dead.
she really needs to watch that documentary about animnals.
Song?
My mom put me up for adoption, and didn't tell my sister.
+
AHQ are steaming garbage and EDG was massively over-hyped again.
uh, isn't that what the bru-haha about the ICANN is?
Mda, ai dreptate dar eu nu ziceam ca nu gaseste sfaturi aici din cauza ca sunt numai copii de 12 ani cu CSGO in cap si figuri :),dar fie nu mai conteaza.
Surely the clinton supporters grew organically directly after the Democratic convention, right?
But also an awful friend because he couldn't even do that right.
Don't ask them to let you use it for free exposure.
How would you do think 'profiling' that your candidate is advocating would be done?
No, Clinton's a continuation of Obama, good, not great, and certainly not bad
Yeah, most people who have well made face tattooes are usually tattoo artists or musicians themselves, where a little crazy is often expected.
US POLO ASSN
Maybe
You forgot the
Good shit
ugh deadmau5 is so edgy
they are rounded, but he did not really set an 800pp score, that's my point
What a time to be alive.
No worries.
Can we make sure he's also for nuclear weapons proliferation?
I heard that he had stuff to stash, but missed the oxy part, and totally missed the video description before hahaimontheinternet pointed it out.
Are you OK?
I never felt hurt because this was expected I've played other games like this and this is very similar to a lot of other games.
...an owl pellet?
Yeah showing someone's physical address is totally not threatening
And forcing them to a more concentrated echo chamber will surely show them the error of their ways
Yessir, you can read.
It's a Yellow Rising
Guys I have 2 minutes left to decide orchestra row C is $199 should i buy it help ahhhh
Remember the good old days when the first play after a turnover went for a td!.............
Yeah i'm sorry :(
Nice graphics on that Pepe.
Not counting the cost of a monthly Internet bill, which is still an addition in consoles too!
Now that's fetish shaming, what's wrong with liking scat?
My old red ranger toy
It's in the eyes too, it's hard to explain...
That will be his 4th NA team, so be patient.
can I be added as well?
We Protect The World
I don't know I'm pretty worried that despite all of the quality losses Rutgers will not get a bid to the playoff.
I knew you would run and hide
Yeah, beach cities with huge rents are a great place to start a small business.
Such an articulate reply.
I bluescreened once in FFXIV and managed to reboot and load the game before my character was dropped so I could log back in.
Gloire aux peuples de Louisiane!
Get to level 25 with a faction.
ITS perfekt :) cause IT means you have as much fun as you give other players :) k/d ratio of 1 is the ultimate player:)
Let's make sure the FBI investigates all those ballots.
Not his fault...
Fuck you both for this long conversation.
FFS Blizzard, once again making the mistake of letting your fans test your new characters on the test server..
Oh yeah I guess that could be easily misread, sorry for my potentially hostile sounding response.
It's a garbage us vs them political piece.
Thanks Obama!
" # "
looks like y'all have meme Wednesdays...that looks kind of fun.
Implying that a product designed and manufactured by professionals is somehow worth more money
If you don't mind me asking, what were the red flags?
This is the most disgusting thing I have seen in a very long time.
Yeah, I'm sure after seeing what ecstasy did to this guy you're just dying to try it yourself, aren't you, OP?
I hate to butte in....
Wait, he's completely invuln when countering?
Yeah I am more worried about cam than carr because cam looks beat up carr just hurt his pinky and will be fine
Spicy sweet chili doritos are vegan, and the best kind of doritos.
The v6 will last to 400 xxxkm
But... but... but... MEMES!
Plus I doubt he got randomly ID'd in the comics.
This is the city's issue, these people are doing this stuff off of the bars property and therefore out of their responsibility, have the city send some patrol cars there for a few weeks.... heaven forbid we have some police presence do more than crack down on speeding.
Just buy rain-x at canadian tire for 1/2 the price.
Because it's a lot easier to issue statements than it is to actually propose legislation to rectify the situation ;)
side hoes
Natives violated the NAP because they dared to get infected with smallpox from hard working europeans.
You're still having sex with a partner, that doesn't change just because you pull it out and rub it out.
I'll leave that to the ants, thanks.
libertarians as a tactic support decentralization of decision making What this results in is federalism, then localism, and finally individualism.
DOJ sending observers... this fills me with much confidence
Also every part of the game
Next rework: "Ryze has found the duplicitous Fake-out rune - when you ult, you disappear IRL for the next 10 seconds, and Faker briefly plays your account for you."
Yeah I have a lot of games that I sadly lost interest in :(
Well if it works for you it doesn't matter what anyone else says :)
literally unplayable
So intolerant!
My first DVD was The Matrix.
Dw about it
Maybe China wants to show the US's weak response, and the last weeks of the Obama admin is a perfect time to do it?
You're damn right I did
Them it's just a visor
Oh yeah that would never happen.
It's called a Hawaiian Pizza.
Thank YOU
QUIT STEPPING ON MY DREAM OF BOGLE TRIBAL!
A good LO can tell you.
Yeah, we're gonna have to take points off for that, the semen isn't at the proper holding temp.
Dog is good loyal pet... Octopus would murder you in your sleep and take your girl.
So this is what it's like to finally see
Laid
Well it ain't secret no more.
That's what makes it an analogy...
GIANT METEOR 2016
I thought it was Zippy.
Then what's with your flair, don't lie about your specs, that's heresy
Haven't you heard that Hilary rigged the election?
I know plenty of people who can't afford cars and never bothered to get a drivers license.
Joe Satriani or Steve Vai.
He's letting the free market decide that one.
and now both are all allowed in
Actually...
Because tens of people like you are gathering at a bar to watch the game which only accumulates for one viewer?
Np , that'll be one crate please.
Yeah, I'm sure.
I'm doing a slow survival playthrough and I'm reading every single terminal entry I can find, there are a ton of hilarious ones out there!
WRONG.
"Love imitates art."
Tree easy payments of $99.95.
Better safe than sorry.
We won't really be able to cap him until March at least, but I hope we can get him cap-tied at some point, kid's a monster.
Now go out and chop down a Christmas tree!
Thanks!
I was confused too, I kept thinking the voice doubled down on this guy and extended his contract amidst the controversy.
Well, I don't know much about this
2edgy4me
German scene doesnt have any better team
Yeah, the FO told him to do it, better keep hating us.
Well fuck you buddy!
348
I thought his junk was a blue state.
Sexfart!
Welcome to Austin.
Wrong link
What am I looking for?
he's lost his helmet multiple times this year
just saying man i never said i wanted him traded tho
Already leaving Minny for the better young team, I see
Wake up
The latest patch
forgot the
Take 60mg you will do your homework for the rest of the semester and it will feel like 5min
Tried every 4 letter city on maps and looked for a river, then searched for the orange roof
I think we should try to harness the shaking as an alternative energy source.
That dumbass just learned that when you play stupid games, you win stupid prizes.
Yes, it's totally awesome how so many people are apparently going to voting based on ignorance.
I don't know about you, but I can easily lift a piano in one hand while carrying my car in the other.
Cause why not go out with some class?
I've just given up hope.
Which one was this in?
Hope it's all 2000 miles of BRICK!
Cool Story Bro
Jesua christ, switch that cat to decaf!
Your casual racism is funny.
And it has nothing to do with the outright political obstruction at the federal and state level.
Honestly I was expecting it to be like 40$
Gamecentre LIVE is $200, Rogers paid $5.2B for 12 years (equivalent to 2.2M Gamecentre LIVE subscribers per year) and you wonder why NHL prioritise local TV?
before martial law was declared, the communists were still numbered in few hundreds and could still be "quarantined" but FM's admin managed to royally fuck up even when US was involved in combating them.
How can you be so INT-less?
You must be fun at parties.
But when I knew nothing I thought I understood everything.
Thanks for the tip
"I had to destroy that feeeemale in order to save it."
Just expect a first round exit and anything better will be a pleasant surprise.
I guess its time to dust off the old pitchfork
Wait who are you again?
I swear, if I'm bamboozled again.......
Oh Joey
Or putting on make-up
This is one of my favorite songs.
Therefore the victimless crimes are a minority of arrests.
Sprint burst, Self care, Decisive strike is still gonna be must have for most part
gotti2323
One moment, pulling out the expansion of (x+2)^(n).
I take hugs as an act of charity :'(
I use a variant of it in Masters 1. been here for months and months, Valks stomp it, but only one in ten attacks are valks.
TEST BIAS MAN
You literally made him angry.
Please be
Princess Leia
But it's nothing compared to the teeth of a two year old.
'The one that flew over the peace wall' 'Capture the flag' (City hall edition)
From the other sub... Supposedly, ViaBTC took a lot of their mining equipment offline to move it, and it is now returning to operation.
reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee.jpg
good luck with policing the internet po.
My girlfriend.
if you look hard you can see the "brazzers" logo smudged out
Kryssie, she survived the backdoor twice
Gotta watch out.
Whoops, totally forgot about that
sweet tilts are made of thiiiiis
Verne and Gary
You absolutely shouldn't force people to have them, but when it comes to vagina exams you should probably be offered a second person regardless of sex
And kek is his prophet.
Come watch TV?
I never have felt belittled or discriminated as an atheist even when ive seen countless acts of violence and hate directed toward atheists, but I have to say this feels good.
we will build a wall, and valenwood's gonna pay for it
I think the double weight cut was a factor
God i need one of those badly.... but first need a house where one could live xD
what?
Huge exposure, 'libertarianism' skyrockets on Google search.
Let's be fair though, anyone can enjoy some good animal porn from time to time.
What some call smart, others call self-dealing, others still fraud, who are we to judge?
I have seen a video with Vaal Cyclone which did something that could be described as almost clearing it.
Fairly sure it just expands out into more pages as it needs to.
Prince Malchezaar follows deckbuilding rules, so no duplicate legendaries or legendaries from other classes.
Ofc not, I meant United Caliphate of Cucknada.
Nice one!
They made Hermione black in the broadway production, why not Dumbledore as well.
I swear to the Old Gods they better have him yell "DAKINGINDANORF" like they did with Robb every time they charge into battle
Notre Dame 119 Mercy 58 Notre Dame 103 Catholic 48
Mites kalkkuna?
No, sorry
We gotta keep Funtime Peach away from him.
*Onward *Rec Room *Project Cars
for you
Think about the children!
I've lived in dorms, Never had this issue.
Hes absolutely right, I was just putting the number for it.
Obvious troll is obvious.
You can wear whatever you want, however the officials at the polling place aren't allowed to.
I think I had like five or six on Oblivion ha
I can taste the salt.
What game.
(((implying that whites aren't the **real** native americans)))
I have installed Mumble now, I will be there before the game.
say the guy with the flag of Scania
Pedophile scumbag
The Trade: Roy for Thibault, right?
I use an iPhone SE...But I'm sure whatever all is it will improve over time unlike Siri.
Let's be honest Cryssey has been the "root for underdog" all season long that is why "America" has not nominated her
That is outside the line indeed but if he was parked there with his laser pointing south into his jurisdiction as it's right there and you were traveling north it's fair game as it occurred in his jurisdiction.
What forum was that?
My team names THE RAFALUTION this year, change my kits all the time, put the maroon and blue classic kit on every now and again
#Based Anglosphere
I can't believe you would give up a guy like that, who doesn't love being called a thing?
lmao i cant buy kush at a shopping mall tho
Thanks dude.
Yup, that should be enough for the jury to lock them up.
Aren't the rules for Aussie pretty much "somebody has a ball, get him" and "you aren't allowed to catch the ball unless you are on somebody's shoulders" and "no wimps allowed"?
I know, that wasn't really what I meant... In order to have a full VR experience, the game must be built from scratch with that purpose in mind... Tacking on VR on a game not specifically built for it, in my opinion, results in lower quality for both audiences.
The power of love
Are you Pepperidge Farms?
They make it slightly harder to read the card at a distance.
Mine shipped last night, is currently in Ontario California (it says Ontario, CA, US and I don't think UPS thinks Canada is in the States) but says I should have it on Monday, so I'm pretty excited.
Seems like that'd make an interesting lead-in for an Ordo Chronos story.. an Arbites raid finds illegal copies of _Saga_ _Of_ _The_ _Ultramarines_ _8_: _Enter_ _The_ _Spiritual_ _Liege_ when Ultramarines 2 is only now in production.
In minecraft
Stupid refs god damn
On your iPhone/iPad you *will* see them, in the form of all of your installed apps.
Nothing more br00tal than rockin out in a squash court
Unless we don't, in which case we were determined not to
Will this open the door for other energy providers, or will we stick with the one shitty option?
I'm going to vote to trump Trump
What, a developer can't be a fan of their own program?
The FIX is in... :(
Es pura regla de 3 simples
The Social Conservative party?
A law like that would make the US look so stupid as if since we can't compete with other nations we'll just ban them.
My barber in socal has been providing beer for years.
Seriously, PRich looked pedestrian...
This
You take honors if you want to get into graduate school after you're done.
JFTR: Written by Leonard Cohen, covered by many.
Clearly those are forgeries just like Trump's Belichek letter
Despite that fact that residential water use means jack shit when you are the largest agricultural state in the country.
I love how you used evidence to support your ignorance
Yeah that too, so it shouldn't even bother them anyway.
Why wait then take the time out?
Definitely playing monster hunter.
Bitch is cheating on him
These just keep getting better
I just upgraded from the T6 to the AspX and it has more cargo space and actually has some health to avoid dying horribly, so I'd stick with it
The dankest of the dank
No, because the PTS gameserver is down, which is why I was pretty sure an update was on its way soon, since the server status is usually up.
I only have 1 USB type c cable... Also everybody's phone in my house uses a different charger.
Now Canada please.
He has UBHP, it's all good
ELI5: Why can't affirmative action be used to to include more whites in the NBA?
But the conservatives are fiscal geniuses.
Sadly the banks will also need security now.... for the next few weeks.
Njrotc platoon commander by day, 3D printer operator by night.
Yeah because gyms are full of 100 cp pokemon, the amount of lvl 5 players killing these lvl 10 gyms to put their pokemon is such a common sight
"Blow the man in front how him"
Keep an eye out for concern trolls from other subs.
MasterCard.
Thanks, I didn't see the other two posts about this.
Dont worry thats how most of my conversations go
Yeah, but they hate the gays!
Last thing you want is stew or f0rest maining the awp man.
Yeah the whole thing doesn't look final box art worthy.
Depends on the will of the people
I've been in private schools all my life and I don't think the teachers get paid more, but I agree that they're better schools.
I'm hoping that they just didn't change it because we didn't know who died yet, and next week will be updated.
Npas is definitly the way to go, i was able to lower my WE apache(mp5) from 400+ to 330 fps and i could go lower
Thanks for making us all feel bad about ourselves :/.
ISLAM!
Don't lie, you'll be back... they always come back.
Big fan of Sota Wild and Ass Stars
More than the queen, too.
it's a team game, use voice comms m8, it's annoying when people dont make callouts in the game, and if you say you have enough game sense to not have voice comms, then why are you gold 1/2 lol
I hate Donald Trump but Pence is worse and that's fucking depressing
Ok but what's the Poke Pelago?
Still not as dumb as the_cheeto.
yea lots of ppl get surprised when you hit 2 on first wave for w/e reason, but this guy was trying to tell me that you can just lv 2 cheese after killing the first melee on 2nd wave, which, past plat elo, never works unless you're facing a moron/not toplane main.
Did I leave the oven on?
What a silly cow
That's impressive, how does one go inside a window?
No bueno at all... especially for playoff games
But...What if Savathun Is eris, pretending to be Ikora, who is actually the queen...I mean she is just tricking us....
um, only works if the snow depth is measurable in inches, not feet.
Facts are not allowed here, you goddamn antisemitic bastard!
Someone, quick, send some freedom and democracy to this poor country!
Why you goddamn antisemitic bastard!
Why you goddamn antisemitic bastard!
Well, you have to get rid of all of the chemicals in your body **somehow**!
Was he by any chance a Mormon?
Are we sure his dad isn't intimidating him though?
Yep they're probably the best thing to duo atm
I wish I could see his face when he realises you're on Reddit and your name is VulvaAutonomy.
Man my rank 3 just dropped a shitty exotic.
Yet member states have the capability to, for example, pick them up near the Libyan coast.
Is that really what it is?
This is a load of crap, more like the Democrats couldn't just bus in random shill voters this time.
You forgot the
I suppose I should've put the reddit sarcasm warning
He's from the Houston area.. most likely sec or big 12
It's amazing you discovered this in high school.
I hope my prayer gets overseas in time :v)
As long as worse players aren't being used instead I don't think people will care as much
because it provokes the viewers and makes them think about sexuality and art
Us Irish love the Asians.
ufc fighter
i maxed fishing at 46 laff u mad bro
Well GRRM *did* have a meeting with the creators about a GoT themed westworld with robots playing characters from GoT.
I thought the general consensus to everyone is that below 6 feet is manlet territory.
Fuck off Melody
Its on money being wired out of this country, targeted at illegal immigrants that are sending money home.
if you could actually get cover thats waist high and you wont shoot it when firing... yeahh thatd be great :P
Charlie Intel had a countdown that showed 12 AM Eastern
Very well done!
What I've learnt about this sub is that 95% of people have a giant hard on for Sami Zayn and I can't quite work it out.
2000-2016 bills what happened lol
remove liberal.
Correction: He would have far less reason to tweet if he wasn't such a degenerate.
I'd like to see you take id-Tech 6 for a ride around the neighbourhood.
Obviously not the intention of the question, but you could organize the machines assembly line style to do the whole task in less than 5 minutes, depending on the widget manufacturing process.
Goku calls it Super Saiyan Blue when he transforms against Frieza.
The Alpha.
So, proving my point...
Didn't Trump express condolences the say of the OSU attack?
Sadly LoL managed to get the Japanese artists to make doujins.
Dawnguard quests
Found Rasta Pasta IX
Let me know when you're home, I'm on now
I rewatch the four paintball episodes and lava floor, along with asscrack bandit all the time.
10-May
isnt it one for the balcony, one for the corridor, one for the room ?
Your use of fam is cringy
Where the writer says if you are poor, you are happy and you aren't concerned about income inequality, the writer doesn't mention that barely being able to pay for rent, food, and transportation doesn't generate worries about income inequality because, being that poor even while working full time generates worries first about survival.
Looks more like fallout to me
Specifically, at least one physical copy with the lawyer soon as it's made.
I on the other hand
Typical Bruneian hot stuff, it dies down as quickly as it surfaces
They are free at a corporate store.
he wants to save the 1 hour pass for later.
How in the hell would you not remember what you put in there?
Such as...PornHub :D
I GOT U MR PRESIDENT!
The problem is less the open carry but more the open carry while hiding faces.
TIL that the rest of the world with shitty athletes are a bunch of sore losers!
But then you're "rigging the election"
$6 US in App Store $2 for Wacky Worlds $2 for Time Twister And $6 for the toolkit
Did you report them for leaving early?
Zenia
Yeah lol.
me2thx
With all that gold they could easily make anime real!
eww no girls need to stay in the kitchen where they belong
It's worth for this story.
I'm willing to sell my kidneys to get Elliott and Bosa.
Many plotholes
He can't prevent anyone to go there, but presumably he can influence them not to fix the cooling system.
I know I forgot the
The AFL needs to take the current Brownlow design out of circulation to combat those red &amp; black-market Brownlows floating around, just like the government will do with $100/50 bills :D
It's called being a bouncer you stupid useless ogre!
Is Intel not an option?
65% according to Rotten Tomatoes
rx480 also works here too
The immigrants would need a visa to get back here.
Their beloved President himself admitted he won't change, why should they?
it is the way it works in everything else, example, real madrid has a B team on their 2nd division, (Call it NACS) that team can be the champion of their division but they cant reach LCS as long as real madrid is there.
Ayyy lil mayo
As a BMW owner, Wtf is a "turn signal"
brexit
Moments that gives me hope.
Well, Sachin Tendulkar recommends it, and he got his account opened in 90 seconds, so well, there you have it
which ones are guilted?
60hz tickrate on server side enabled.
OMA
Half of us are equally horrified by what the others have done.
You racist, sexist, misogynist, un-educated, FUCKING WHITE MALE.
But Donald Trump is the racist.
America's best,.. those 2 choices.
I'd be curious to hear the speculation on how that would affect the unemployment rate should those people be free in the workforce.
Just replace Trump with Clinton and your message is equally valid.
autism
If that's the extent of their mischief we can deal with that.
Respect
oh this was my shit when I was working in Makati, would love to have this again soon
AOL article today tried to say she ripped into Newt... That's not what I saw lol
pirates getting the best version of the game as usual -__-
Perimeter defender and rim protector are two different defensive positions, draymond can do both (partly because he's bigger/bulkier) but kawhi can only do the former.
We really need to stop downplaying this with "I'm so tired (of 2016), please stop, I want to get off this wild ride..." At this rate 2017 is going to be the same.
Ludevic himself probably does something cool with Kondo though.
texans pls
that's exactly the sort of attitude more of which we need in this world.
yes!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
OP should go out the window and sneak up on the nephew.
Further up I think they have a separate door after these warning people.
And they both require original UPC, so no double dipping.
Don't give Nintendo any ideas...
I wouldn't say it's very funny at this point, regardless who voted for whom, and it won't be 8 years, it'll be much sooner than that..
Yeah, ok lol
That's what their wives bf's say anyway.
There might be a civil war.
I swear this dude would take on god... In a way he already has - the pope.
I'm level 11 rg at 2800 trophies Sorry I suck
Correction: PENCE is going to install 2-3 justices
#**UNTAPPED POTENTIAL**
When the Civ gods hate you...
After today they'll never have to again!
The Cure is amazing
This is exactly the reason why Trump won , maybe you should dedicate part of your time and money to secure the well being and prosperity of you fellow americans in the so called flyover states , given that their vote matters just as yours , arguably more given that they're swing states
The last few days before they will turn them to Trump to draw them out.
Maybe their corporate charter needs to be reviewed by a judge.
Those poor vagina-voters: they wanted nothing more than to be owned by the most corrupt politician in American history and for their children to die in her needless wars.
The electoral system is too hostile to third parties.
HAHAHA FUCKING IDIOTS PROBABLY SHOULD HAVE NOT ACCEPTED HILLARY THEN HAHAHA YOU FUCKED UP!
Treatment as in a bullet to their fucking skull.
That is why I avoid Taco Bell.
Look at this net
From your comments, you think racism is okay, so I take it nobody's ever been racist to you and that you're just a sheltered white kid with white friends.
Done!
HAHAHAHAH YEAH THAT'S WHAT THE COUNTRY GETS FOR NOT VOTING BERNIE!
My mam and two aunts sleep in separate rooms to there husband's, they are all light sleepers, they are all happily married for 20 to 40 years.
mmmmm body fluid soup
Please
They're all too fat to pull it off.
Like how the majority of Muslims believe that death is the appropriate punishment for leaving Islam?
I think you missed a
Just so you know, even with the windows fully down, cars get incredibly hot.
I like wood effect on glaives handle
As a PS4 user, high FOV looks weird
Congrats, I have yet to see one artifact skin I will use in place of my xmog
Nice of you to assume the worst.
You must know a lot about Amsterdam.
If I'm allowed to make a really out-there guess, I'd say the cheating hurt him so bad he feels like he *has* to believe it's not a big deal, as a coping mechanism... Of course I'm probably nowhere near right and am being really inconsiderate for even writing that, but I just kinda had to.
**GOLD TEAM RULEZ**
From my experience about 80% of random shutdowns are caused by Overheating or RAM failure
The previous ones seriously changed it to better, now Trump will spoil everything.
And steal things amirite
It really is Long Lost.
Where do you get 5 from?
howareya badeed
This is basically what Aromages could have been
Mmm I think refusing to do an exercise sheet at school because it says homework at the top is pretty autistic
The last minute thing is huge on these exchanges, people ship last minute or a few days after regularly so there is still a chance.
Pretty much.
no is theyre noob
This guy's either a troll, or has some kind of mental impairment
Always kill le Wisp :-pPpPPp
You aren't alone, friend.
Only for south korea......
Yeah but then you got Pence
Close enough!
But SJW is all I know :(
Looks fun but I'm excited for those trails and power ups to be modded into single player
...but, but, but he isn't a true Democrat
Savage Starlight: The Phantom Pain
That's an exploit that can get you banned, genji main btw
On that Taaka shit.
Doorway Pullup bars have been shown to cause asphyxiation and death.
Or are smart enough to enable multiple keyboard layouts in Windows
Saving Private Ryan was so real they needed a national hotline for veterans who got PTSD from it
Once again, how does ID help if the final count is changed?
The point is she's full of shit, but a broken clock is right twice a day.
what to do if hatch is being camped?
Just imagine your daughter coming home with him...
Good guess
Someone forgot to check their elitist privilege this morning.
Winter is coming.
Can someone tell me what's with the large amount of comments and so few votes?
Does he call you short?
Surprisingly accurate
Arent you both wrong?
The fact that he's muslim or black is irrelevant, he's just the most qualified person for the position.
Forcing millions on trains and sending them long distances for being undesirables: the truest form of altruism.
Uganda
implying op hasnt been fucking the living shit out of his neice
Plot twist: The AI just found a glitch to rig US voting machines.
It would be exactly what she wants, the victimhood would elevate her status above "white woman" (bottom rung of feminism) and she'd make a killing off patreons.
Clearly President material.
welp, I stand corrected
Well, USA is in the centre of the universe.
have her drop by r/raisedbynarcissists, she might qualify
I've never seen Pabst in bottles before.
I criticized Romney for conceding late and feel the same way about Clinton.
They're not shopped.
But this game sucks, which I realized after 200 hours.
u/Lord_Xp
Weed.
not to mention it's pretty expensive
To whom does the welcome belong?
Says the racist
Yeah why not give everyone the walljump
now you're getting it
In the immortal words of Sinistar: "Run, coward!"
Hah, I hadn't even noticed!
lol, that's why half the posts where from posters only a few months old that exclusively posted in r/politics and continually posted nothing but talking points of the Hillary camp.
But Trump will surely declare war to Canada, sooner or later!
Tiger II only to had fight T34 and Sherman, give historical matchmaker!
But it violates muh human rights to live in a world where this movie isn't being shown!
Sounds like more of a fundamentals issue, losing finals that consistently cant be blamed on EA.
If you back it up to an external drive, you can copy over everything and not have to download them again.
I downloaded all the audio files from Kingdom Hearts 2 &amp; made a little goofy track chopping up Donald's annoying vocals
Pardon my 4rench, but I believe the proper response here is "WEW LAD"
too strong
Viodoot?
I see you've played wifey-spoony before.
Yeah because tax cuts are what sent the economy spiraling into a recession.
How old would be be in 2020?
I beleve that he is a rocket scientist or engineer
More Benny's cars!
Thats what a feminine pussy would say.
I'm violent because the trump supporters are racist!
Scrubs are usually playing from 4pm to 7pm.
yeah, because having a wakanda that is 200 years ahead of earth would be incredibly dumb.
Muerto.
To Soon
Please explain.
The double standard in public acceptance if it happens t a white male or to any other gender/ethnicity is normal, not the action itself.
The best is that the Bills are the only actual NY team seeing as they play in NY (*ducks from Red Bulls fans*)
I can't think of any other reason one would voluntarily install this extension.
Fusion rifles.
Fair enough :B
No mention of the game in the release notes, is it just a coincidental boost?
no
Nice try D&amp;D* (based on those 'leaks')
Absolutely nothing as nothing changes.
But it costs more, so it MUST be better.
I am pretty sure pretty much any family that would honor kill for apostasy would honour kill for being LGBT.
You should learn how to use your brain
Did the jeans fit?
please mark nsfw
Yeah, because that's never happened in this country before.
Oh, MIL.
Uh oh, someone used the magical trigger word.
I just realized one flaw in this now .. How am I supposed to justify my large gun purchases to my family now?
Grab her by the face.
Would help if you could say a general area where you lost it
but but... she has a Vagina!
He "borrowed" his camera
But if you just say WRONG, everything can just go away !
So overrated...
RL season 3 probably
Look on the bright side, since the dollar has dropped in value it'll be cheaper for you guys to afford your visas!
No because it's all Aaron Rodgers fault for forgetting how to throw the ball!
I'll start saving my Optimum points then.
Carbuncle!
This is probably the best shit I've heard all year
f
No
Just out of curiosity, what state did you vote in?
I'm aroused
Time moves differently when you are shitposting upside down
I love not being able to afford health care, and paying a huge tax at the end of the year that i also cant afford.
He'll just use the nuclear football.
HYPE HYPE HYPE
Also it will likely be out much sooner than necro which arent coming out till like October 2017
You just don't like her because you're sexist.
Freddy?
Must be a PvE only player trying to make a statement
can i see your bant list please?
They could officiate team practices
Taking as many of you with me as possible
Win out and the road to the Super Bowl goes through Oakland.
I'm pretty sure if a Russian smells alcohol they try to drink it.
They elect a non-voting representative to the House.
I don't want to sow doubt between you, but perhaps he's self-conscience about watching porn and is just saying that.
Good CRT, I hope someone picks it up.
Tony Schwartz wrote a book on this.
"Locker room talk"
I still don't understand how that helps to move them
His first reaction to it being black is to shoot it TriHard
Someone's already brought up goosebumps, but outside is really fuckin good too imo
Order 288 being delivered tomorrow for me.
M'Ursoc
It's just a showmatch, no need to practice....
Because spoilers
Or that dancing Supergirl gif...
Those people will get deeper into drowning poverty at which point they don't count anymore
So the one winter that USC goes to the Rose Bowl and IU comes over to NorCal for a bowl is the one time I'm going to be out of the country.... Why god?
2 EZ 4 RTZ HAHAHAHAHA
Just take the people out of the system altogether, who needs them, they just get in the way of the corporations and elites.
You don't have a culture so you can't say anything about other people's.
You suck your own cock about how great NYC is, but your ego is so fragile that whenever anyone says they don't want anything to do with it, you get angry.
Love a girl with a nice bewty
Yes, you do and I well prevail.
But blocks tho
When you said major trust issues, self esteem issues, depression, and self-harm, I knew this wasn't going to end well.
Maybe democrats don't, but all the people chanting "King Trump" last night might disagree with you.
he reminds me of the King Henry type
Back to spending Legendary Marks whenever I run low I guess?
actually, i think i remember him limping a little bit after the interception, might have to look into that one
You mean KVIIIlynn?
Also, unlike every other summons in the game, you don't have to be embered to summon slave knight Gael to the fight.
Small sample....
Because it's slowing down the otherwise fast and exciting game of baseball
Getting weed in Toronto is super hard...
Chicago 2001
From my understanding, even in the states where it's legal all paraphernalia is being relegated to smoke shops similar to how some states only sell hard alcohol in liquor stores.
No, if you actually read what they said, it was a minority of protesters that were rioting...
F#cking Campers!
I thought that but was afraid I might crack the bottom thing.
Thanks Dmitri
Thanks
You meant, a straightened end-cap?
OK, still rust belt then
You forgot
This will be good for memecoin.
Unlike your comment.
Cruisin down the street in my 64
Haha I should do that, it would add so much immersion.
Carrier.
I like the idea, doesn't seem possible atm though.
Wait... Do YALL HAVE BUMPA CAHS?
Yeah they are terribly different, I mean I get where your coming from but there is no reason to think they are the same thing.
Watching.
This was exactly my thoughts but i wasnt sure on how to word it, no matter how low a level someone is starting at, you should never instruct them to learn bad habits.
That's what I said with a lot less official sounding legal doublespeak.
The idea of a station employee welcoming me back home from the cold depths of space just makes me so emotional.
totally sounds like she is rejecting his advances.
Same with Cups Guild Crates And Coins
Times Square, definitely.
literally can't roast papa anyone who does completely misses the point of his channel
Probably cause a reaction with intent is, in the ref's eyes, always automatically wrong and likely to end in at least a fine while Draymond could say he didn't mean to do it like he has been thus far.
Tackling by the dreadlocks in the NFL.
AMEN
This kid is a fuck boy, needing to beg for shit
The 2008 recession was all Bush's fault.
Adolf Hitler: 5 Fast Facts You Need to Know
Agree
Can we send desjardins down and call up green
Dubois (see what I did there) sucks though amirite
Nice
You don't understand, it is HER turn.
What is an emergency day off?
Interesting move
Unless you have black mana, it is Prophetic Prism where you lose life, and doesn't fix your mana.
*Breathes Heavily*
Deus Vult!
Expecting change without change, nice..
Yeah how dare people think for themselves as individuals!
Squatty Potty helps me.
sdvsf!
We're going to grab the fucking planet by the pussy brah!
It would be nice if they could have passed something with a ramp up to higher percentages later on (like 25% by 2025, 50% by 2040, etc...) but considering the issues Michigan is facing, that might not have been realistic.
Could use willsuckd*ckforcanadiancitizenship
Looks like Hitler's nails are painted on his left hand.
Was going to say, as soon as you break you lost
Yeah, when I read that I was like "this is the guy who I want to marry"
**F**
lol, no
We had to take a year of NSL (National, state, local) but that's as close as we got
Must've gotten the company Bernie used during the primaries
Pretty sure he's trolling.
Something something technology.
Amy Schumer is a nasty guy.
yeah but he beat aldo into retirement
You really think that you daft twat?
I think it's pronounced #VASE
Lol your nick matches the guys reply, he is so deep in it!
You want them to waste money you had to pay?
Yeah cuz every time someone calls me stupid I always change my opinion.
My god I was so angry watching that
But God is in control!
Not in my country.
With 20k you should be trading via mass bid or sniping.
Okay, that's actually really cool.
In bitcoin.conf you can put: If bitcoind closed normally: checklevel=2 checkblocks=288 checkblocksverify=288 which is much faster, otherwise: checklevel=3 checkblocks=288 checkblocksverify=288
'Fuck Chinese' is always popular with Americans.
No, never cheated but I'm very tempted to now.
Hooo boy, that'd be one *rich* lawyer after the dust settled depending on how strong the case is.
Your should check out the daily programmer subreddit
It is glorious!
Hello, German.
comment
"..spread by.. space travelers", implying they got stuck on ships, or inside ships.
0
Can you imagine what would have happened if Clinton won the presidency but Trump won the popular vote?
padosan ki khidki ke samne.
It's almost like pudge eating someone despite being almost a screen away, no fucking way right?
This is proof how stupid all those Hilary supporters are!
True... but you also need a city-state sized plot of land to plug into... ;-)
Wouldn't it have been weird if you had?...
Well, games are more than just one mechanic... Even modern FPS aren't THAT shitty, hell Doom isn't that shitty, and that's 1990's tech.
Jennings is a beast
Don't remember her being anti lgbt, especially not in recent history.
Well that's because you went to bama
Yes indeed, personal freedoms, yuck!
*100% of the games have player to plant interactions this shows that people value them and they are core to the gameplay*
CSI Opening theme: The Who: Yes ACDC: No I think we know whos more influential
170 votes, so just California and New York, then?
Shocking.
That's not true lol
Oh my God at 2:20 mid sentence when he should be saying "Hillary Clinton" he actually just says "Cuck" **YOU CAN'T MAKE THIS STUFF UP**
I mean, he was a fucking white male.
But aren't most cases of heart disease caused by a persons choices in life, while cancer generally is a bad draw of the cards in life?
But we needed to punish the dnc!
And apparently they like being grabbed and groped, too.
People can't protest.
Gosh, this PC culture is so out of hand, can't even call hillbillies yokels anymore without some SJW getting all triggered!
No big deal, I just enjoyed imagining picking wraithlord and imagining wandering around not being able to enter any buildings and still not being in a vehicle lol.
Remember, no Russian
Whatever you get, make sure it has a working GamePad!
Fuck this website.
we lan almost every weekend
China hasn't annexed a foreign country in the past decade...
1990 Kylie Minogue 1995 Jennifer Aniston 2005 Britney Spears 2016 Debby Ryan
On the bright-side at least you have both looks and possessions.
I think it's pretty clear what your skin color is based on this statement.
If I remember correctly, the feeling in that crowd is either that (1) Kushner is a useful idiot who you can still hate, or (2) this is actually a problem and he needs to be gotten rid of.
No it was totally due to a "whitelash" and the majority of whites having racist motivations for not voting for Hillary.
Obama's "well thought out and realistic plan" was to approve the TPP.
Yeah... we'll just leave that to law enforcement discretion.
And all it took to finally understand Trump voters was Trump winning the election...
Did you use the Konami Cheat Code for that?
No sane person would be okay with that.
For the wit... Well, not at the very moment, but generally!
Nothing, just leave me alone.
Duely
A little history on Beland-Goyette, he had signed and debuted with the Impact as an 18 year old in 2014, then captained their USL side for 2 years.
But FS can be distracted by ground troops and cost two elixr
just go with smite and take green smite, it gives you option to do sick smite hook plays too and dusk blade tresh E max is OP
Luke Rocksalt
Shoot at a wall and find out.
thanks to me
Dude he was just tying his shoe.
This is body shaming.
this isn't go chase go this is no chase no
6800 is 11 speed
Corbyn will never be in government because he's a useless clod.
#VALUE!
I'd put videos of me trolling teammates with walls in their just to show my team what they're going to get
If they've gone through even after the delay, and you see this happen often then I really don't think they're racing the yellow, they just don't give a fuck.
what if it's a speciality restaurant serving only people with Parkinson's ?
Yup.
I dont want to say this is awesome, but it sounds like the plot of an awesome movie
Well he's just standing there, looking all normal-like.
Doing the Edward Cullen thing the girls are so crazy for
Why do they all look so racist?
Bailing out of GM maybe, but banks should have been killed.
Yup
Bush knows the job and he also knows Trump isn't qualified for it.
MAATA DOESN'T RINSE OUT HIS GLASS CONTAINERS BEFORE RECYCLING!
Shitty PC + LED lighting system = gamer PC obvs
Yeah you may be right about that
What treatments?
You can't race for karma by trying to make things more convenient.
Its just peacetime operations is all
Ra, Athena, Rama, Ullr(currently playing him alot)
Now you know why
How Bernie Sanders is winning the race between Donald Trump and how amazing it is going to be having somebody with nuances &amp; care for all people be president.
Your idea would probably be easier to implement in the game's current version than mine, so perhaps this is the happy medium.
No where near as smart as the geniuses at NOW Toronto, obviously.
You shouldn't do that, it's illegal.
You are totally right, many of my close friends have come out to visit and I have gone back as well, I do appreciate that, its just hard to start a life when I want to be back with them.
TRIGGERED!
Risky click of the day!
its the new alolan moltres
It was like no one had ever seen a two-headed coin before.
Killing or playing them, if they're in the game both sides get what they want.
Werth was sent home
Ah the thrills of living in a police state where police suffer no consequences... comply and obey right?
Yeah let's put as many coal miners out of work as we can
I've always loved playing sports and also enjoy watching them.
tf
CNN is projecting Trump to win the popular vote by the way
It's not as much about them doing what's reasonable as it is about that what they're doing usually happens to be against our interests
Any war related stock to look into?
And make him wear his concrete booties.
Pixel fire + 2 x CC1?
Because you say stupid shit constsntly, don't substantiate your claims, and ignore any argument that destroys yours.
AMD Motherboard?
***A*** ***E*** ***S*** ***T*** ***H*** ***E*** ***T*** ***I*** ***C***
If you are having sex with a woman at all ... it affects you.
Hey now ... let's not bash *Quark*.
Nah, they just loved pizza.
It was a great shot, but a little out of place in the scene they used it in.
I have Ra Tamadra skilled for a button
The very same :D
how is "repetive gameplay loop" neutral ?
It also shows that banning it is a good strategy...
Well, it's not like the GOP is opposed to the net neutrality, encryption, and open source projects that make their website possible.
HTTP 404 Error: video not found
Let's hope I can find the blade
#1D TIC TAC TOE
He's the "Affirmative Action" president so he's obviously racist
Larry "flip" Donnell becomes a WR.
Hire "scientists" that say 4 degree rise is fine... Scientists that blame homosexuality, atheism, and abortion for sea-level rises... It will be fine....
Jeff Bezos bought the Washington Post, aka Pravda on the Potomac, to be his personal mouthpiece/attack dog.
I'd honestly be happier with fixed wireless over this crappy ADSL connection.
How can they take most of the suggestions seriously when people suggest shit like "Add horses" "Nerf clans" "Add glowing mushrooms" Thanks to most of this subreddit we can't have nice things :) - Fuck balance add more pointless stuff
Well I can't say these people aren't who I expected...
Everything has to look like that before it can be posted to Instagram.
same thing happened to me, gonna have to return my pair
Because students can afford the i7 models
Is that an armor mod or face paint on the head?
Taking a knee in football
This guy reddits.
Ahhhh Like Hillary Clinton and Obama!
Sounds like I'll be getting Arkham and Rush of Blood (just had to order ome move controllers as there is a big shortage of them in NZ), are there any games that don't use moves at all that I can get to fill the time while I wait?
I propose we make this a Darrell Castle themed subreddit.
Really nice vid, thanks.
And trump is American for xenophobic, greedy bigot who grabs pussies.
who has the most Gold Gloves at DH?
that's voter intimidation you racist.
Someone in feudal japan?
no she did not....
LUL
Good, fuck em
lol!
I think we all have :(
Slow and steady ~~wins~~ loses the race
merry cakus dayus
She has no limbs... what do you think?
just like how eternal glory devalue glory a whole lot xddddddddd
At least an hour
Yeah, because Giuliani, Palin, Christie, and Arpaio are fantastic picks based on their qualifications...
Valentziar pilota
They were supposed to fall in line
People voted for Trump specifically in reaction to people like you.
Did your bf stick his junk in it yet
DirkTheCaster
yeah, it's pretty cringe
Yeah, Kilgrave was good, it's just that Jessica herself was awful.
Not having to set an alarm because you don't have anything to do the next day.
you are HOT!
Then...the game won't be getting dedicated servers, lol.
At least its the right color, and not plain white or black.
Hmm how long will it take before the Donald says Hillary planned the bombing.
Depends, vulcan turret if placed on the ground before adding another point in it will retain it's base dmg before the point adding, but scaling will increase if you buy more power.
Or just patch a flag into the game that is set whenever exposition conversations are happening that prevents random encounters from occurring.
this really text'd my wrong number
He's such uniter, just what this country needs right now.
Lmao she showed you
Other people
hmm, somehow a war might actually be a solution, not the right solution but it would create a lot of jobs.
Ohhhh ya i thought about it now i understand why
You don't decide to join them, they decide to make you join them.
But, but...they honor veterans!
**CLOSE ENOUGH**
To flop.
Makes for an interesting dating life?
Sucks you can't change language or subs.
Too many cables in my opinion.
The institute of war doesn't exist anymore, nor do summoners.
Will it really be a shocker if I know it's a huge timeskip and Phoenix loses his badge?
The last frame of his jumpscare shows his pelvis and the top of his legs, the bottom of his legs is the endoskeleton legs.
Easy now, tough guy.
In America we rape our own women and children god damn it.
It has a different color, also thanks for posting it for me, I get lazy from time to time.
This is so dumb I love it.
Turkey and ham sub.
Same as every other sparrow in the game at this point.
But Trump is the one who spreads hate, isn't it?
Christina Hendricks would be perfect.
I too am a member of VAG
nahhh....they are all definitely paid protestors...just another massive, nationwide, multi-city LiberalllLLllll conspiracy.
Don't forget the mortal enemy of the Russian Navy: British fishermen
Put me in coach
Are you by chance, a spider?
This is how I played my masterpiece at the school concert, We Are Number One.
"What a maneuver!"
Actually, it feels like she's using Obama's campaign team this time around, so she wouldn't have been able to do it last time.
Cut them off.
Rigged elections are unpatriotic.
Por que no valve lapping compound?
looks like san Andreas TBH
Now imagine this, but with blissey instead.
Proctologist
I'm loving Bernarnold.
No, its based on a Reddit post were someone asked if 1.6LPM was enough to survive in Bangalore.
This is not true at all, I've done it myself several times.
Oh I'm sorry he just owns a company that makes them
Yep she is !
Might have been removed for licensing reasons?
ITT: Jelly School, class of 2016.
Little dramatic, don't you think?
It said he died of a gunshot in the post up above, is that not true?
I'm 1h30 late for work because I watched this.
Do do do do dododo doddododododo
Turns out playing a third string quarterback against a defense prepared to stop the run is a pretty solid strategy to win.
?
You hold your tongue, Sir... My NCIS/Big Bang Theory, bling, and KFC are my American Right!
Hogdonny is a bit faster I think, but chance of the big drop in brightstone.
He can investigate 9/11!
Going on Reddit
if you can see the spell being cast, but seeing as it's greater invisibility and i doubt you have tremmorsense then probably not
I mean it has been known to make Jazz musicians hook up with white women.
I am glad your argument is based on fact and logic and not just fear mongering...
Ah, the good 'ol days.
Yeah, but see, you have more good alumni to do that with than we do so I want you to not be allowed to do it
Not the GOAT Simean?
The other East side.
Grizzly Adams did have a beard.
He said 1600 exclusive hours, he subtracted the multi logged time
Yinz goin dahntahn to the civic arena?
To me personally a repealed ACA is huge.
I occasionally forget some Alola mons', but that's just me not really getting a chance to settle down with them yet.
No, that's a console genji
and here I am having not even invented glass yet...
Fusions rifles, sidearms and shotguns that arent the max impact archtype are pretty good, its only the high impact shotguns with Rangefinder that are a lot better than they should be (in my opinion)
I love rlr5 and with braced frame you should have enough stability, the range boost from the sight is terrific at plus 14.
Walker took a break from social media I think in the 12/13 season because it was becoming a distraction.
Kids are so cool.
but it was her turn!
Michelle Obama said her and the President's codenames on that Carpool Karaoke segment with James Corden she was on.
There are people that say painters allow logi to lock faster, but honestly I feel like that is wrong in most cases.
There's definitely no batshit crazy democrats.
Somalia.
Who needs a tank if you can kill them all solo
let the games begin, and may the odds be ever in your favour.
I think they are being sarcastic.
Bacon
Sniff
Its so much better for both sides to agree to abolish the rule of law for themselves.
Dammit, wanted my two flails to go undefeated against in Death Valley this year.
That is easier to see though, I didn't even know you could see the pilot's eyes.
Excellent, well thought out retort.
you dropped this
Way far away but an internet toast is sufficient
But...but the parties have switched since then...
World hunger.
u/Ninjahkin is into SM it seems
Fucking trying to rape standard?
r/thatHappened
You sneaky, smart bastard!
We can trust them, I am sure the bankers learned their lesson last time.
It's almost as if we should probably have a broader political spectrum available for the purpose of discourse....I mean, it's not like our founding fathers abhorred the idea of political parties or anything like that, right?
I suggest some sort of tool bag for all that swag.
green light , even sober this would have happened (at a similar speed or lower 100km/h ), his only mistake is being drunk
Typical humans trying to diagnose what they can't understand as an illness...
I'm right there with ya, enjoying my morning quite a bit :)
I had to circle for an hour because of this around 2200 last night.
Subtle, very subtle :p
But but harrasment didn't exist in my liberal university so it's pointless to talk about it
Try being a bowl ineligible team.
He will have 100% approval rating in the coveted painted on eyebrows demographic.
Welp, cancelling pre-order, worst game ever
Hank Hill is just the best cartoon dad ever imo
My issue is jmatt isn't even good in the slot
Source?
don't waste your time, their a bunch of 16 year old kids
Dude haha I was just joking no need to go that far xDxD *someone help me*
Cannot forget Bowie...
FYI drama was around before IG.
Yeah what's wrong with some states completely throwing off the balance of the vote by putting in all the electoral votes behind a candidate with %51 if the vote.
Maybe for a scrub like you!
His ego can barely tolerate normal conversation, this would turn him full carrot.
I agree with you 100% but as an intern clearly I don't know anything about how a business runs
Yeah, well, the American public likes people who weren't captured, so all those namby-pamby so-called 'heroes' who get taken by the enemy can just stop whining and go home
Oh, it's so much better that he's accused of raping underaged women AND human trafficking.
Wait till Q1 2017, Google is releasing a smart watch.
The Book
There can be only one.
Get rekt triple jumpmaster
Looks like we might see races go flag to flag next year!
If you're not hatching eggs id start
Obvious silly posts don't count, sorry :P You need to put some *feeling* into it!
But the Allies don't get any credit for things like that because pipelines and harbors are boring compared to rocket planes and 60 ton heavy tanks.
Italian Caricatures For Trump?
OMG there's like 3 people all driving on the wrong side of the road those MANIACS
Will it not stop everything from working?
Does the vetting involve an amateur gynecological exam?
I heard they moved the kids to a place on Benning road in SE DC next to a drug corner...they should go check it out!
but it might make him gay
...and now he has gone metal
let me know when transexuals have done as much fucked up shit in public bathrooms as US Senators/Representatives have and I'll begin to worry
It's the only weapon that makes sense, in my opinion.
Dunno but I'm screwed trying to get home
and thanks to mil/billion level of irresponsible consumption rising sea levels and much more violent hurricanes will make it uninhabitable in 20-40 years.
Butthurt much?
Aren't rhetorical questions questions that are already answered, so they are not relying on answering them again?
People don't change or grow up... They get worse actually
That's.. Odd.
Lose* dumbass
Muh Russian Bias
Somebody is gonna make money off of you
And Colorado
For someone who's not a dickhead, sure, but you can say it perfectly politely/casually/naturally/relevantly and some guys will still get shitty.
Wait you create forms, print them out and then copy them instead of getting a fresh print?
There's a great movie about Denton's years as a POW called **When Hell Was in Session**
Benghazi!
Oh... I didn't need to know that :(
Is she known for taking strolls through the woods?
Yeah, he's completely clueless, not like he owns land that will be effected by rising sea levels.
Even some mk xiv used +25 lbs during the v1 raids, or at the very least were cleared for it.
In addition, they already have to be planning out what to capture, based out what will get the most views, and how it will be easiest to parcel that out.
With context, it's very nice!
Do it for grandpa Morty!
then again mozgov is much more mobile and athletic than hibbert
Incompetance has become the hallmark achievement of Gil McLachlan.
The new one sounds really crazy, so she should be good at writing crazy characters!
Sorry, too busy spamming that downvote button as fast as possible.
Sounds legit.
Hey, that's your team's new coach right there with Bruce Arians retiring after the year!
Also good reasons.
He can dance..........when he scores
This is the best CoD ever made.
Keep calling everybody who opposes your views stupid and they will keep on voting stupid.
mp or sp?
:(
How did he miss that easy shot?
no only until the next best game comes out
Where almost no one sees them :(
To clarify, he was a general under Bush but was kept around under Obama.
have you looked into them at all or?
Holy shit, so many absantees
I just go and watch some highlights to refuel my hype :D
reading is for nerds!
But that is racist
Jesus I'm on a mobile app and that read like this (-72 = +49) and I was really fucking confused.
We wanted to do no handlebars but it wouldn't work.
Because I am plat and I get matched with silvers and bronzes?
Just stroke of bad luck.
You don't have a nursing license yet so I doubt that anything can actually happen.
Le truth is somewhere in the middle.
I found this out the hard way
it takes a lot for TYT to inhale powered soap everyday...
Yea, but do we have an fa cup?
Mostly appears on Soldiers.
Oh ya sure you betcha!
You can dislike him and not be a cunt about it.
Absolutely.
It might make you more hirable and if you hate yourself taking studio and calc is a great way to self abuse
Sadly that number is pretty accurate because the DR is a pretty big spy crutch weapon yet again.
Bud
Out of curiosity, what are the other 3 things?
And Running Start, an organization that helps women get involved in politics
Whoa all the downvotes lol.
I could see Refn and Kojima being friends
I'm asking more in the fact that I have watched half or more of their videos, and either I'm A) completely blind to racism B) you are making it up or C) you and I have completely different definitions of racism.
If we are getting 200 yards on the ground you might not.
if you give a fox a cookie...
Okay, but I was just wondering; who does it belong to?
I enjoyed watching them too, especially the Lucian top
Idk man, a 54% acceptance rate doesn't seem all that bad compared to others.
He looks like emperor Palpatine.
In ontario we sang O Canada in primary school, but we didn't have to.
omg victim blaming
Oh yeah he's REALLY going against the grain and shaking it up
Ha, yeah, what a stupid mistake.
thanks... but I'm looking to stay away from chain type places.
I like this brawl, since I don't have all the cards, so it's easier to make quests in.
Yeah lets just round them all up and shoot them
god damn what a steal
Ah yes, remove the only way a sniper could ever deal with a flank, that will make the character more fair and fun to play!
So close to a perfect loop... damn that tiny little pause.
Brb, asking enemy Jungler for a leash.
wew lad
Who the hell is Heather?
I live in UK and I've never had this happen to me or seen any other pregnant woman even be asked.
Oh god Cory lifted his leg to let that one in.
Nope.
I was about to say, the his isn't the graphic I saw
You racist misogynistic xenophobic trans phobic piece of shit.
Time 2 Pound
ahh
Make it a 4/5
For it to end up being titled "The Goddamn Batman"
"That makes him smart"
He fell out of Tempo Mage after standard hit, decks are too fast for him now.
sqrt(-1) years old, genderliquid
You can just google the title
2 more races were won by part time drivers without a cup ride, so I'd give them a pass.
I would say it's a hybrid, but generally if you are using miner solo or with spell support it is closer to siege, and if you use troop support its control.
Plenty of backside, tho.
Elaborate on this please
If you wish to spend a few hours getting that yourself then I can tell you exact procedure to get that all.
curio
Chance of injury pro tip.
Hey assuming he's in the U.S., who did he vote for on Tuesday?
I'm sorry that you clearly don't understand the bulk of Bernie's policies.
10/10 man good job
Should have gotten GF 1080 Ti in SLI
Real New Yorkers went all the way from York and from Netherland to make this city great.
So was the rest of the campaign, and it was all too true.
But Hillary was the corporate shill candidate.
How selfish of you to not want to die in WW3 to elect a (f)E-mail Presidon't!
I You can totally hear the casters if you're playing on the stage set up, it might be a bit harder if you're across the room, but it's definitely possible if there's not much noise in the room.
But emails.... Clinton is corrupt!
OP you look exactly like a friend of mine it's uncanny, the only thing is he can't even grow a beard.
potions it is then!
They're white, it can't be racist
This is gonna be great.
They are all part of Russia aren't they?
Nidalee actually
Idk much about lg's team scrims, so they r kind of my wildcard team (They could potentially be a top squad)
It's for aesthetics only.
hope you've lost that silly verysmart attitude but kept your love of les mis
Don't forget the Cumbox
Time to bright [[Fencing Coach]]
Inb4 his children become leaders of a united communist world.
then
Not quite as ridiculous as Apple desktops.
He's probably just holding a grudge for Frost
What?
If you buy digital goods (like CSGO skins) with a card, you're turning an abstract concept into an imaginary good
Like those that preach for killing.
thankfully no, since i almost never take ignite when i support lol
we should arrest people for trying to stifle the rights of others.
The default screen protector that comes in the box works well for me.
Fantic will jump so far when they finally play a LAN.
#NAME?
We should have ignored most of the content of his post, and given him the benefit of the doubt based on his IRL behaviour.
If only NPR created an app for us, the listener, to find all sorts of relevant podcasts catered to our interests!
Except hamstring tightness.
The sadder implication is there's a minority of humans worse at math than a cadaver.
Well not anything, my post get no upvotes
Yeah but reddit decided its boring so who cares.
Maybe in S2 he was just drunk
so... How many screenshots did you post?
Yeah that's why almost all progress comes from outside the west, where people are generally less free than people in the west.
I like the part where he calls her a virtue signaling cunt because she says he isn't civil after he calls her a terrible human being for being against eugenics.
Crab mentality is strong here
Trump gets analy fisted by Putin every time he speaks.
Sexist
Same in Portugal
Yeah we really knew everything about Clinton...
Adventures may always occur in or around the booty, but you must always make the booty feel included in the adventure.
Fuuuuuck Comcast.
I don't know if he's there yet, but he's certainly on the path to get there soon.
man when will yeezys die
Good to see this posted on reddit again
Yeah but where's his Nobel Peace Prize?
Would drawing from your oppenents deck cause fatigue damage for them if they have no cards?
The pip-boy edition was still dissapointing tbh.
God damn millenials are all for working from home unless it's trump
yo get the updoots
You know it, stats dont lie
At least it's not google/facebook doing it.
Nice AC-130
Tears turn to fears
Who keeps cooking on the drip pan for their broiler tray?
I made this.
Global warming can't be real because my feet are freezing right now and I have not one but *two* pairs of socks on.
Or" "look at those damn Berniebros"
Like that movie Surviving the Game.
I'm sure the fossil fuel industry knows the science better than the actual scientists.
Government is bad mkay?
Yeah, and social services to deal with all the domestic violence.
But Liverpool fans should only watch Liverpool no other teams or leagues
cereal bowl
Savvy and co!
Not everyone gets morning sickness when pregnant.
vvhat did yov jvst fvcking say abovt primvs yov little false
Enjoy M_EE-VB79-DJNL-FPBV
I'm not sure that you can't help it but I certainly hope you don't act on it.
Really Really Really Really BIG things trillions of miles away
Implying overwatch characters aren't soldiers.
Yes.
No
How do you watch a picture
Would I have to plug in 2 6+2 pins?
CAMERON BRATE HARVARD
Okay stop motion Harbaugh is fucking terrifying and I'm gonna have to cancel the season after that sorry
Loud AF.
If the FBI checked it out, I'm sure there was a full investigation.
Higher customs and sales taxes in India compared to US.. total Tax in US is 0-10% depending on state, whereas in India I think its about 15% sales tax alone+ customs tax and a number of other duties Also, since India wont let Nike sell directly, probably a number of middlemen\dealers need to be added whose sole objective will be to have a larger cut
Sick burn
Do you mean Festival Plaza?
50/50 checks out
You like fishdicks?
That's it, we got it figured out, we can all go home.
Reverse flash technically isn't even born yet, zoom is now "dead"
"It's cherry."
I agree with everything you say, but disagree if you're implying Bernie is the man for the job.
Purify value
Be careful, you're going to scare him off with all those "facts."
Even the Breitbart poll has 25% saying Hillary won.
.tmp files too.
If that's what it takes, then I'm signing up for the fucking choir.
Discover a Buff for a random minion in your hand.
Seriously he was like the medic in hacksaw ridge
title and survey = two questions he's asking us two questions what a liar, downvoted
Tru3 5t0ry
Also a rapper!
The new SE Bakuto ringo has some awesome special effects.
Yes, but Canada is our ally.
Well of course he needs a riot shield, otherwise he might get his arm broken
He must be Keanu's half-brother or something.
He's not a "cutting edge" professional physicist.
What's your experience/thoughs with the steam controller, in general?
Way til you play as Riktor in that skin......and are pissed because of how bad he is in Monolith currently :( makes me sad.
And all Muslims are honour killers!
I mean that's only a continuity error if you assume that all the characters are speaking completely precisely and accurately at all times; I find it easy to assume the characters are not worried about the precise details, but they're getting the gist right, like people speaking IRL.
But they're not diving
Because beggar need not pay taxes.
It's like if you see Cthulhu's face, you can't ever be sane again?
Does Tasmania really count
Having enough effort to download it and not kill myself r/absolutelynotmeirl
Conor hasn't faced enough wrestlers.
Same with crochet.
Wish more people were paying attention to what state policies in middle america are doing to those states
Well, i have spent every waking hour for the last month thinking about it.
holy fufu
What do you mean years of being painfully close?
Like cheerios
I'll bet you the cost of a HF winch, some welding wire, some steel and a beater Civic that I can do it in a beater Civic
if you're goth, ween is forever
I lived on $10 an hour and managed to stay out of the obese range, I know it gets easier if you can buy a nice gym membership and afford pre-prepared healthy meals, but for most people, being healthy is as easy as investing your food budget on bulk ingredients and cooking regularly, and going for a 30 min run four times a week.
Maybe corporate fuckery would move the timetable up for the Yellowstone super volcano to go off, and take care of the Midwest!
Yeah, and the people that fail the test can still count for 3/5 of a vote!
It is an american hang up, it is used all the time in the UK
This looks credible
98.4% chance Hillary wins the remaining uncounted ballots.
We should make it so that only non-criminals can mine.
Either your not on PS4 or the 231+ bracket.
Thanks, I was overlooking that important point (tall, rich, handsome) so true.
Pretty much talentless, really
So wouldn't folding allow carbon to penetrate the surface?
Maybe we should use that money to build affordable housing in the police station.
But he walked into a dispensary in Seattle so he should be suspended
Pretty wimpy, huh?
That last round cTm vs P.D made my heart beat waaay too fast..
Yeah, because the only media that led the general population to believe Clinton would win in a landslide was Facebook.
My game will often freeze like that when I open it and I am still running the previous version.
How the hell would I auto-run in World of Warcraft without it?
That's a personal foul, you're ejected from the thread
Always stick an old unused 1GB stick in a free slot next to it to offset the loss in capacity.
Gee, when you ask it so respectfully like that, it really makes me eager to discuss all my most deep and personal beliefs.
''Uit de cijfers blijkt ook dat de extreemrechtse vleugel van de PVV een voorkeur heeft voor _Heel Holland Hakt_."
Yeah Germany was so much better when it was in rubble and bombed on an hourly basis.
For some....
Yeah voting and protesting never accomplished anything.
It wouldn't surprise me if three million illegal immigrants committed additional crimes while being in the country, and if that is the case they should be deported because obviously they have a problem with respecting the rule of law within this country.
Fuck me man what a wonderful development team.
No, they are just protesting that they didn't like the results of the civil war...
Bro coke and steroids are no bueno
We won one against Ottawa!
Ok ready now how many lemons do you want?
Well CLEARLY you're not an SJW....
VS Code doesn't lead to vendor lock-in that way.
+1 for venomous and not poisonous
Atomkraft differenzierter betrachten; objektiver Vergleich realistischer Vor- und Nachteile - entgegen des extrem emotional gelenkten angestrebten Atomaustritt.
He said it was fermented.
Dicks out for Doot
This is why they need mmr reduction on season roll... And stop putting playerers so high in HL with QM Mmr/placements when they just start again for he season, make them work for it more...
lol when muslim pride is trying to claim the achievement of Turks
Chess is a democratic game in your eyes?
I dun get it
Best tool to keep your virginity safe.
Yep what's your GT?
Yeah, he wasn't a great guest but jesus christ the autistic interpretation of his every word is painful.
Being a humorous writer, I'm sure David would be a really great guest!
Replay ID or I call shenanigans
Yeahh, how will I ever find true love and make super race babies now :(
Damn, Wolfhounds look awesome.
C
Despite this victory, Summers is still expected to be fired, according to the Statesboro Herald.
Then why have it be a rule if it's not enforced?
Had that happen far too many times.
Used/crashed groms?
She had better
money?
TIL thanks
Didn't you know libel laws only apply to liberals.
Can someone please explain to me what is happening?
Did this dude believe the adult swim animated show Black Dynamite's portrayal of Mr.Rogers was true?
Who is he?
You can use one of these when your sarcasm might be misinterpreted:
You don't know Hockey.
That's because they're a blue state.
Less lag and less screen door effect.
Do you understand what revisions are?
Woah man, you can't just say radical Christian extremist.
Nah, I think Eccleston had enough time on TV; he had a full, interesting arc that didn't leave me wanting more ever.
Is there any noticeable improvements on Overwatch's graphics?
It's cringe because he obviously changed the wallpaper himself
Was wondering when the million woman march was gonna happen.
That can be said for all businessmen
After what they did to Grumpy Cat, who can blame them.
*Sniff*
That didn't put you in a cloud of toxic smoke on top of a one ton projectile.
You look like the anorexic version of Michael Jackson
Now I know how to start a 737...
i'm not a big fan of the notion of giving EVERYONE welfare money, regardless of whether they need it, and then trying to claw it back from those deemed NOT to need it, via higher taxes i reckon those with complex tax arrangements who are able to legitimately minimise their taxable income are likely to be the biggest winners if this sort of proposal ever got off the ground i'd like to see more analysis on how such a proposal would affect the workforce my hunch is that wages would probably have to go up so that the financial differential between working and not working would be maintained, and to compensate for the extra tax that would be required to support the proposal, and higher wages would contribute to inflation the (local) workforce would probably shrink as well, with people who don't particularly like their job choosing to bite the bullet and live off the basic income as soon as they can afford to (kids left home, mortgage paid, etc) while i'm not ready to write the idea off completely, i'd like to see how well it works in an equivalent economy (NOT uganda) in order to allay some concerns
Here comes dat boi No Trump shut up
Don't worry, all those people will just be replaced by Chinese millionaires and American celebrities!
Not particularly relevant, but I had a bishop tell me once that cursing while golfing, putting up Christmas lights, or assembling IKEA furniture will not be held against you.
That will show him, guys, good job.
lol, okay
Zednov and berezaa have both been accepted for DevEx multiple times
Feminism
But that 1% is vagabond
How dare he want to do ALS!
EARLYEXIT
That's irrational.
Hey man they can't help it the sound reverberates louder through fat
How's the internet out in the Bahamas though?
Try to rinse the hard drive with water mixed with acid, it usually works.
NO POSITIVITY HERE ONLY ZUUL.
Then we'll station guards every 100 feet to shoot them down like clay pigeons.
I renamed it in the language file
What happened after he stopped recording?
What is a booby trap or booty trap?
You missed 16 pro tips posts here for the last 3 weeks:D You need to visit this sub more often.
Including his touchdown catch.
Oh no, not a 4 point drop... how will they ever recover from this stock crash?
How long is it?
Per capita is a awful indicator of how the country is doing especially when Greece has the second highest unemployment rate in Europe.
If it's rock candy just check the side to see what town it came from
Which is why I became a football player
Trump should really call on his supporters to stop the violence.
My thoughts exactly
That statement is true, you can leave whenever you want, but nobody said that it's easy like leaving a book club.
I think you are thinking of a Burka or niqab, Hijab is just a scarf that covers the head and neck.
I'm sure Jared and Ivanka are cool with an anti-semite.
Hard-wired with CAT 5e, port forwarded, 80/10 down/up, 0% packet loss, mid game in a non-joinable playlist: "You have been returned to orbit" Any other helpful advice?
I've never seen tangela or chansey on the radar or even in a gym.
\o/
When G2 needs to upset ANX fans you know something is wrong.
Because world history isn't good enough source material
Downvoted for the title
Yeah but Trump supporters are fair game
I wonder if these are actually "infused" with the CO2 extract or if it's just sprayed on like most cheap candy edibles.
:( sorry
Being delusional is a type of mental feat,
But he's so broke, All he wants is a new office and for us to buy his glass mugs.
Reliability issues lately.
For real that was one of the scarier crashes of the race.
DEFINITELY better
But if my vote doesn't count for more than someone else's then I'm being oppressed.
The original suspect is apparently not still believed to be responsible, it would be nice if we could mark this as pending new information or outdated.
Congrats on the sex
but all those memes on twitter are so funny!
The question is though: Will he be able to surpass Annie?
Ever.
No, seriously, how the FUCK did you get Twelve South from this?
haha so funny because hitler and the holocaust are very funny haha
Has this movie even been released yet, I thought the trailer just came out yesterday.
I guess I'd drive it if you made me
They could add it into another update, lord knows the Biker DLC is getting stretched out over multiple weeks, it's not impossible.
Today I'm in Central Alberta, there isn't a flake of snow on the ground, and we've seen people hanging out on patios... But our pipelines don't contribute to global greenhouse gasses so just keep building them cuz jobs right?
well, that otta work
You can also shut the cruise down by rolling the throttle forward.
Or 1 more catch for 4 yards!
+1 for original Deus ex
And I feel like usually teams have an average running back, as they're a dime a dozen.
Damn dude, just shoot them if they're on the other team!
Because they definitely didn't forget it, being the perfect omniscient beings they are.
rekt
TIFU: Donald Trump.
oh yeah: extra time off to spend with your kids what a horrible evil torture
Praise be to Gase!
Fuck me pal
You're a peculiar one aren't you?
Crazy seeing Ben celebrate it like a rookie
okay I just bought it, its only $10 in mexico's steam.. review forthcoming ...
I think you *might* have some adware
Jaroslaw Kaczynski is retarded!
It gets too many boners
Nah
Habeebs are Indians.
Nah, even if you got the hill people to put on shoes and go towards the polls, most of them can't read.
passed his prime
Wow what a nerd
Then wat?
For some reason it's almost just as weird if she's a groupie for 6th graders.
only if you queue for the support role and pick smite
OMG both characters said goodbye at some point, they must be the same person
You're right - we should all avoid telling people they *are* x Much better to say "Hey you're *acting/talking* like x"
You were obviously imagining things...
ha zanny nanny
p2gaatrdmamaspt What are you talking about, it's perfect
Just wait for the next Telos nerf
What is it's nature?
We're soon gonna be like "we're only 30 games in, it's too early to tell"
If you're intolerant of my intolerance, maybe it is *you* that is the intolerant one!
Only with the help of a giant ape, but Harambe is already dead so you got no shot.
Then impact terrain close enough to the airport to get ya there.
But empathy is for the politically correct...
RNG lootbox
And it had twice as much before that lol
Damn he wasn't even in Suicide Squad lol
Try putting flowers in gun barrels?
Added!
Well it happens in the liver.
League of Legends So they can hate themselves for getting into gaming.
Nelson Cruz catching a fairly routine fly ball.
Butt cheek or face cheek
Oh yeah, my squad would definitely do that
Men in Black reference?
I wouldn't say smoked but I think Patriots win 7 out of every 10 games played.
What if North Korea has exported them first to South Korea
94 devilmons
Ah yes, the insurmountable logical might of personal testimony
Wait you are the guy who asked the questione about hz and resolution?
Well duuuuuuhhhh, women aren't allowed to hit other women, only men are, just like the Lord intended!
Yep!
Psh, that kind of attitude will never buy you a Rolls Royce
Looks more like bear arms to me
And it was so close for the next 2 years.
One kilo is roughly 2.2 lbs One pound is roughly 0.45 kilos
They don't even believe that voter fraud exists
The only pussy Hillary's grabbed belongs to Huma.
I usually end up playing the 3 games I only play.
Oh boy, even more grinding in MyCareer, that sounds amazing
Refresh the page?
I particularly like the "NIGGER" x 100 one...
The point is that overpopulation and unwanted children on a larger scale would be a bit of a laugh.
Crown Heights is Golan Heights USA fam, fo real.
A920 heehee...
Unrelated, but I just finished the Wheel of Time!
Are the servers still online?
I bet Cruz only did it because Priebus threatened to excommunicate anyone in the GOP who didn't support their nominee.
Opera is open-source, AFAIK, and their reputation would be severely damaged by using a "dirty" VPN.
Aren't Asians technically the most privileged in America?
Best facial expressions in the league
This thread will be toast then.
Thanks, those are good ideas.
I got this reference.
She was one of the Savage Land Mutates and later a Maurader
Yeah definitely should have used his face there
A college degree is the only way to make it in life.
Cuz he wants to be on a TV show
I wouldn't trust it.
Now imagine if he's taller and has elite receivers...
Don't drink Diet Coke in front of them if you're looking to get laid.
Insults like that elected Trump!
Hunter x Hunter (2011)
New version of cowboy bebop?
You're a couch hunny.
Best reply, IMO.
This attitude is why Trump got elected.
TIL there are french-canadians that care about dota 2
The hate would go away if some of your fan base and your school would just never mention JoePa.
This wouldn't have anything to do with me buying my oranges peeled for me and wrapped in both Styrofoam and saran?
nah it'll stay open, a name wasn't given, so we can't RT
Our society is having trouble with reason itself, much less eloquent attempts at conveying it.
The scenario where the President of the USA doesn't reach out to the UK because half the government had been slagging him off during his election campaign and he knows the USA doesn't need the UK nearly half as much as the UK needs the USA?
It wasn't, but I'm pretty sure Durant got fined for that once.
Pretty much lol
The fuck is a fur state?
*gacha rate*
Odds are they'll reproduce less.
Watch out for those people who are advertising fake youtube giveaways, as well.
like a wall?
Scott ate SL
Oh no, only 32 cases, voter id laws are racist!
That's a bingo!
Retail sales.
I messaged you
First you're going to need a fedora, some neck or facial tattoos and a beard.
IANAL = I Am Not A Lawyer.
Can't you see there is no place for reason in this conversation?
where did you grow up that people sitting in doorways were considered targets?
WCGW when I forget the nails when I build a bridge
But... But people want to fuck his daughter There's money in that
because people would save all the paydirt untill they hit lvl85+ and gain runite from the ores.
Not sure what you're talking about, I logged into degreeworks twice today with no issue whatsoever
What's wrong with nationalism?
you must have a rough life to need to od twice and save yourself like that.. you should probably get help.
Why do we even need heroes than when fefe can hack aliens.
I'm about to put a sleeping bag up on Craigslist.. Rated for -30, only used once if that's of interest..
They should make this the new long jump.
I don't suppose it's still early enough to pass an emergency law abolishing the electoral college and letting us use pure popular vote for elections?
Will there be any npc walking and driving around like in singelplayer or will it be more like gta sa mp with no npcs and empty streets?
Yeah I've done that I'll give it a try later when I finish work see if it's done anything, after that I guess a fresh reinstall if it's still around
Ahh, yes, but this nuance is hard for those who really care about civics to parse out.
Pretty sure Fringe is the exact opposite of this thread
Both sides!
He might not have know, why do you care?
Seems Corbyn gave all of Labour a raging ~~antisemitism~~ 'civil political discourse on Zionism'.
God, the Joomla drama has even made it to Reddit.
misclick
Highly doubt that, pros have to watch their opponents demos in order to win, they have to analyse and think how to counter them, thorin just watches them and remembers some strats, their weak points and strong points.
Because obviously Americans lie more than Brits...
Jesus.
Next week: If you still own a Note 7 president Obama is personally gonna come to your house and punch you in the face.
kaip sekas Trakams?
Username checks out
do you know that is way better than no job though?
(Lake Superior)
I'm sure the Ladies here are all going to take your beauty advice into account
I heard they're best friends with Elizabeth homes founder of Theranos....
Not bad against Lantern Control!
He's 3 years older though.
So that's how we will wear headphones in the future, so hi tech!
and Hillary would give a non-answer that would make it seem like she answered the question but really she just exhaled nonsense
I can only masturbate to a dragon loli.
Yes, the Chilli's 401k is well known for providing comfortable retirement options to their dishwashers and servers.
because it looks super cool if you get potg and everyone will be like "damn, that guy is so cool!"
That Revolution Tire Changer is sweet!
I mean, yeah, war sucks, you can't sugar coat history, but we don't need to be playing Train here.
I would really trust taking my car to a tire shop that can't even post their spam in the correct sub-reddit.
It baffles my mind that people have the "if you didn't vote for my person then you voted for the other"
Yeah but at least he wasn't born in Kenya.
OP is a phony as always
When they released studio, they stated they are no longer supporting or developing classic OBS.
Unlike a trump property however the contractor got paid
That information would only be interesting if we still played the map
k/d is EVERYTHING (foams at the mouth...)
Its 24 now.
B-but isn't that racist?...
They're just such horrible evil people until you need a war fought on your behalf.
Nah, you just over slept and missed all the good parents.
This guy fucks
Kiss my shiny metal ass.
Any other peanut-allergic redditors ready to find a new podcast?
* continues the slow clap *
I mean, yeah it's cool that he got a strike after a horrible fuck up...but it's still a 0 lol
LEAKED INFO: PIKABLU MIGHT BE COMING TO POKEMON GO
*efforts*
I wish it showed crime for each neighborhood
I like when I charge mine and it fires but I die and only one bolt comes out.
Wombats have square poop.
That is actually a myth that UV and infrared light can't pass through glass
You know, he could have chosen not to be white....
Politically active Democrats, millennials and Blue collar workers, none of which came out in force for Hillary.
Technically, it is *over* the bay.
This makes me want to take Hillary supporters so very seriously!
Since when are good political memes about good logic?
you forgot the
I thought that was the irish.
I'm using Firefox with uBlock Origin, Wowhead is actually fast now.
oh buddy heavy music makes me better than people with different tastes
Git gud but like in all honesty esea isnt always fair but the way it works is " hidden elo" but just play more to get better
For the beginning it has been a mind game with the ref.
If only China took measures to control it's population.
You should link them to this post.
I'm pretty sure Janice from accounting is the one who doesn't give a fuck.
And the whole lot of the wankers on 100k+ a week
Partly responsible.
Hornets, Denver and Sacramento also seem to have our number.
Lmao
Any decent kite-able surf ?
If they did, they wouldve done that with soul of cinders weapon
I am all Indian scammers on this blessed day!
:'( Forreal though, the story was a real tear jerker.
did she just assumed his gender?
I hope that's oil not trash grease
No, not promoting hate at all.
So say we all
That is an expensive phone.
Just take a break for your tolerance it's not that hard and you can replace your weed with alcoholism
oh that's just the libral media thats biased against him.............hes real amerika
More for newsletters and discounts for already registered customers but thanks :)
I'm shooting you first :P.
yeah that term is applied too broadly
I'm actually not sure, but it actually does look like it.
I think it's a banger but I completely agree with you on that clicking noise, it doesn't make sense at all and it really bothers me.
They'll need it to build that wall.
If by folded, you mean "scrunched into a ball and thrown in the bin" then I'll also agree.
video is rip
He's got the knees of an 8 year old!
I totally agree.
Ladies love Jello Shots.
That's why I don't pick a follower because I don't want to commit and I also feel like I'd make all other followers jealous :(
Well then we should just assume that the person yelling racist slurs is the only one telling the truth in the scenario and condemn based on that logic.
holy fuck weems
"Shared by the league" aka 3 different teams...
But but but that pizza place and satanist cults!
What lovely people, what a shame we'll be seeing less of them.
And that must mean you are an alien!
how so?
Great, now I want a new Hulk movie.
Please make a Bully 2.
Giving massive coastal cities complete dominion over the electoral process is *true* enfranchisement!
Woah dude atgatt please
Welcome to stardom how's the view
Yup
That's Iran!
Managed to do it for 11k and packed Ben Arfa thanks for the post!
The "you suck" was in a blog post on bungie when they were working in the game.... it became my text sound till the phone died
Remember, if they're drunk and under 21, it isn't rape according to this.
Yea except White and Gagner didn't want to play here any more and Hextall had no choice but to let them go and sign Weise
This is a terrible fucking distraction, if it is one
But that's the only people he could find in Washington!
I'm convinced that a big push for virtue signaling is the desire to get laid from women that have been indoctrinated.
Suuuuuuun
ffxv
Nah you leg that mech like any good mechwarrior knows and move on with your day!
What regional?
Cleanup on aisle all.
It pains me to agree with this because she's been in three great movies I can recall off the top of my head, and at least she didn't ruin them: Four Weddings &amp; A Funeral, Sex Lies &amp; Videotape, and Groundhog Day.
Steak is ignorance?
From the land of the Eggscum.
There's an actual Pompadour hair style but your outfit look good regardless.
Yep :) How about you?
"I hate garlic, but I don't really."
They do if they are dissidents or activists.
I have never had the need to pee while dreaming
gross
Black Canary should be here.
im in canada, it starts at 10 EST, yay!
Yes someone should always be aware of surroundings but that doesn't mean the guy deserved to get robbed.
Good thing Soros is so rich, these guys must be making a killing on overtime.
alkaline hydrolysis, i wish our company in colorado would install one, think it's the perfect market for one
He Don Knotts see that coming
Username sort of checks out?
Aaaaand they've JUST quit making videos (2 hours ago)
I'm a simple man, I read M5/Gambit, I press upvote
Augustine is Catholic, Catholicism is wrong, therefore, Augustine is wrong.
Obviously he smacks them with the other side of the shaft.
5'11.75 according to Draft Express.
It almost looks like raw chicken doesn't it?
"A penalty shot is designed to restore a scoring opportunity which was lost as a result of a foul being committed by the offending team" Kalinin still got the shot off
Well, it was a thing of the future at one point, for cave-dwelling pictograph-drawing folk.
No people love them.
It's her W you fucking casual
yea, i agree, the Dominus is worth probably double the Takumi...
Yeah, I get to pay 1100 more under Trumps plan, at least you get some back.
That's funny because the political and business community in a capitalist country is very intertwined
That comic is so awesome, it's cool to see people mention it just around
I'll pass, thanks though
Yes yes and yes
Don't they learn American in school?
No, Trump liked the idea of the game of running for President so he did.
But Facebook told me AR means Assault Rifle!
Noone gets more embarrased than professional cam girls.
Remember in high school when you sat slouched in the principals office, agreed with everything he said, went back to the school yard and were good for maybe two days before getting back to it?
Thanks for your contribution
Come on that's not fair the Wii U was an add on to the Wii...oh it wasn't...welp.
That's why I eat in the bathroom.
It would be a good thing to figure out BEFORE selling since you know you'll have to ship the item.
If you're just getting started, it could have just been really bad timing.
Eh bah ouais, il est pas communiste le merluchon :)
Did they send the student in to be fixed too?
Aldo doesn't want that rematch
Why not every team at every position.
Date 11-18-14 I'm sure this is legit and your picture
Such primitive technology
Maybe china can.
Source or are you just taking from your anus
You can reclear it with a depleted key to recharge it but you get no loot so gl getting a group for that
But, but... my historical accuracy.
because the complex pleasures are too complex to explain
MA ALLORA E' PROPRIO SILVIO!
You have to let the fight *marinate*.
Which is funny because Anna from TYT is Armenian.
Pretty close numbers there Chuck.
If I was in world war two they'd call me spitfire.
Yes, how dare she have the audacity to be deeply worried about her situation because she made a mistake and was late to a meeting
Before you know it Mass is gonna have a huge heroine problem.
The trunk will still be warm as it's connected to the rest of the car.
Markath was fucking depressing with all the poverty and crackheads living in the slums.
Well, it's only fair since when Obama got elected all of the blacks got their mortgages paid off and a free cell phone.
Yeah okay what would you know about it.
What was the panda team you used?
Chicken and Waffles
Cards should come with phonetics in parenthesis after the names.
Strong and Michael Elgin would be good, but Elgin is with NJPW on a written contract iirc.
This will work fine like the dao
We'd need 10000 upvotes for that right now, under -9000 would be a lot quicker.
He's quick and nimble and quick and nimble and quick and nimble and quick and nimble
Maar ik kan nog wel reageren?
But didn't you know that reddit is the source of all wisdom
This is a thing you learn from your parents My grandfather was and inmigrant who worked in a lot of low-paying jobs like cleaners and stuff, so i think thats why my father respect those guys
I wish them freedom.
..... Dick came out
Did they go over how he was murdered?
Trump looks amazing for his age, probably has to do with the fact that he doesn't have evil in his heart, evil souls age faster.
Yeah, interest rates are sooooo high for corporate debt because treasuries are crowding them out!
Ofc his ult cant move past player made terrain, it is coded as a minion and therefore has collision.
Why do you feel like they should be required to respond to you?
We should vote for that guy, what could go wrong
It's snowed in Texas before?
Try the google translate mobile app, it has a camera function where it translates text live.
I am of that 33% The rest of you are a bunch of pansies ;)
Nah man you just have to walk in and talk to the manager, fill out an application and BAM new job!
Go commercial, "high end" residential is just high maintenance people, and I loved doing houses so I don't say it lightly, I made the same jump.
Seems like Facebook to me
to be a billionaire*
Doom guy?
For Walgreens, it's Doctor Freddy
But he did well in training!
Yea, why would they care about their last chance to go to Worlds?
No, Period!
damn tree hugger!
or stone
i got my Caduceus last week after farming for it for months, and its AWESOME now that it doesnt have coolheaded on it anymore
But he isn't even the best eSports player in his own game
but trump made him do it!
We'd corner the market on young Haitian dual nationals.
Hahaha funny joke my friend, I to share this notion.
With that attitude he would be.
A potato strapped to a toaster plugged into an outlet charged by a mouse on a treadmill can run csgo.
I mean we can go back farther, I blame Kennedy for averting WWIII and allowing those parents to be born.
I think the company structure is a bigger issue - I've worked with MS Japan and there just doesn't seem to be much of a connection with HQ
Well, obviously someone who spent so much time getting the front detailed will know the back of the hand.
Link?
I'm sure calling him hitler over and over will have the desired result of him not becoming hitler
No clue but it's scary and should be outlawed.
not like a shirt, a shirt
The last ting I bought was an eight of weed last night so I think I'll be pretty happy with that lol
Kind smells of fake news, digging now.
Shouldn't the upper right corner be "wwwwwww" or "aaaaaa" or "ddddddddd"
Yup, happens too much, refuse to do it again
Hmm doesn't seem to exist on the store for me.
Strong username too
...Willy Wonka and the Chocolate factory.
Tire slashes forearm
A parrot born in 2010 could be repeating skyrim jokes about arrows and knees until the 2090's
You don't think white washing is racist?
Is there a way to use KDE with a tiling WM?
you dropped this
Or lack thereof
Looks like the Naan I get from a local Indian delivery joint.
More like PDE's.
Tosh.0 is basically what you are talking about, except it's weekly instead of annually.
Ah, the good old days when people could deny service based on skin color.
better chair
Did you just assume his gender?
can he play the double pivot?
PRAISED BE THE FROG
Society changes does not destroy social behavior, technology destroys social behavior!
I had a blast with the demo, I'm sure the full version would be awesome too
Yeah because his populist message on trade that mirrored Trump's would have had no play in the rust belt
Sure, a coal plant would be soooo pretty compared to these wind turbines!
Schwinn Willy
Story of my life
Chad is short for Calvin.
Quite.
if you're born in the mid south, bam: auto-protestant
It's me, your brother, got an on ride video?
dont worry, for even one of those there is a time you think you failed and actually get an A
Genji is completely invulnerable during reflect.
There's a reason uBlock said no to it when I clicked the link.
You forgot the
The cat bolted the fuck out of the room.
Wow, how many fights is he going to pick before he even gets into office?...time to buy more guns, water and seeds.
Now I can't tell if I'm missing out on amazing thing I never thought about, or if I've been fucking had
So...everyone should work less than 40 hours a week?
But where would the added two point five ounces go in the front?
Got chills when I read it
That's a long sentence you got there, friend.
Oh i bet it's completely his teammates fault, he just gets paired with horrible player
It's in front of his belly
FIRETORTS
Kobe also wasn't made in a test tube
I honestly have no idea why he would be rattled after such a weak- ass hit.
He is King Dictator from Kenya after all!
i'm pretty sure shrinking text and mentioning purify at the end is interchangeable with
Now we need a keg for monks!
Freaking out black people with magic.....never seen that before!
I found it kinda amazing that there has been over 300 VAC bans everyday
Competition and rivalry are huge parts of hip-hop music.
you planning on buying?
If it's not broken, don't fix it?
It's racist to question our high immigration intake and what good it's doing for wages and the job market, didn't you know?
But if isai tried tho
They aren't it's fact so stop questioning it duh
Love your username.
'Merica!
BUT MUH MORNINGSTAR WHERE DID THEY EVEN GET THAT FROM IT'S SO RANDOM
I sound like the only person that hated this movie...
Which 20% do you not like if I may ask?
Doesn't feel as official as it should be to me, it's just a nice montage, props to NiceTryIan for doing this but i don't think it stands out all that much from a good community montage
"But this isn't real socialism"
I use Snagit to record the screen.
That's what they want you to think
Just dump some bleach in there, not enough to kill the betta, just some of the snails!
You forgot the
r/me_irl
I was about to ask why you wanted him, then I saw your flair.
You dropped this (i hope):
Dragon Quest games.
If you order one you'll see ;)
looks like an oversized tampon applicator
Sunanda tharoor?
looks so advanced and realistic
"Okay Scarlett, you just keep looking dramatically off to the side while we progressively make your costumes leave less and less to the imagination."
I thought the NHL decided who were rivals on Wednesday Night Rivalry on NBCSNdhwlxbdkavf
I thought it was kinda cool the first time I watched it, but I still can't get through a second watch.
But hez dirty tho
Johnny Seed
I can do 5 crates for Photon later today if OP doesn't.
But but... must own!
It's a combination.
Have you tried IF Hector at LB?
Even if you got multiple countries to use the same connectors, companies would never agree to use the same connector that would deprive them of the sweet adapter money.
Couldn't have seen that coming
And she's a teacher ...
Times New Roman
It's okay, he's not taking a salary... That $399,999 should cover all expenses.
Because she would have lost otherwise?
Principalmente PHP per gestionali di vario tipo.
I didn't see any of the promises, I just played it as a small space game :P Probs why I got more enjoyment.
**BETTER DEAD, THAN RED**
Get richer parents you lazy fuck.
How do you know?
yea the chemicals that they use are harsh
And so the circlejerk continues...
Or you have been poisoned.
Same about Steeltrap's response above.
What did Elvis Presley say to alexsandr senaviev "Tachanka, tachanka very much"
Origin rocks, it's just EAs games that suck balls for the most part.
Thanks for explaining things in a way that *someone who hasn't read the comics* would understand what's so bad about it.
Sneaky speaker is sneaky.
Hey, at least his Jeep looks good!
A+ to the teammate who called himself Hammer.
Your neighbors probably already have a grudge against you if they're that quick to call the police without any evidence of broken doors or beaten wives.
Yeah, still locked for me too
I can say with personal experience, if she is in the US Army, that sounds about right.
Yeah we should probably stop consuming things and learn to photosynthesize...
This exactly, obviously George Soros flew this crisis actor there on his private jet to scream at a local Starbucks employee so that he could advance his Jewish Illuminati agenda.
Is that a bionic rifle in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?
That's a great one!
Now if they could only use the Copenhagen wolves sick logo since they shut down
and apparently his girlfriend goes there
But think of the children.
Nope its %42
Nice shot, but you went over your teammate who had a fairly straight shot at an empty goal.
But I thought the traditional punishment for cops was to downgrade the charge 3-4 levels, fail to prosecute and say it's a good thing they got fired for it?
Yesterday afternoon PST it was being timed (I think solo_Naz or Squiddish) and it was averaging every 30 min or so
because talking is all they have been doing right?
No one is talking about Hillary in this post, she lost, get over it.
She'll be the Professor Binns of SCOTUS
Anyone know where this is?
Honestly I wouldn't trust myself, so I would break my phone.
Can confirm
The video seemed like staged all the people are hell bent on giving him a hard time to cover truth.
Women are all asexual!
In an email: "your welcome"
To all: Nice.
Such a huge secret I'm surprised anyone knows
Who sells crabs anyway?
All he has to do is lie about the cheating, and then it's only lies in OP's mind and not cheating!
Congrats to Andre!
Not really though
Yeah bro I don't need profit
What a madman omg this guy got an iPhone, what a moron
Yes let's show mercy to the guy who enabled a serial child rapist
dae white holocaust tho?
Yeah, just like a minstrel show!
Oh god help us
DJ Sona is the most effective version
Yeah, fuck the establishment!
We recently implemented a no flyby rule at our msp for this reason.
A slave who had complete freedom and autonomy, and was complicit in the entire plan from the very beginning... yeah, okay.
True, all i play is Rocket League and Battlefield 1.
Century=100miles Double Century=200miles It was only 5 bike rides, NBD
What the fuck, people in here actually arguing how Trump is Hitler.
Proud day for all of us.
Scylla and Scyllo
Yes, we need credible sources like MSNBC and Huffington Post.
If they are affiliated with GM, then... Ditech to the 5 confirmed!
And salmon ladder won't question or have moral debates with Oliver.
How do you stop the milk curdling?
The use of money for political speech was already settled under *Citizens United v. FRC*
What exactly does saying "fuck this guy" do?
that book i like isn't on the list
Well that explains global warming
Thanks!
This shitstain better not come anywhere near my campus
Beautiful
At least Georgia is slightly more liberal than France.
i believe that's against WTO rules
"The Lord prevails!"
Thank you, hope you have a happy 2017 too
He's in so much pain he can't concentrate and is very irritable
Under budget and ahead of schedule
We also need a big text on the screen saying "DO THE OBJECTIVE"
R9 290x, i7 4770k @3,9 Ghz and 16gb ram @ 1666 MHz.
McCown is probably starting again this week too if Kessler doesn't clear concussion protocol.
Road investment without density is also a bad investment.
Surely they could just get Park Geun Hye's Shaman to sort things out
Yes
Probably just more Hentai..
You're at your own level daw kasi.
yall best friends?
*The widow logo
Mod list?
pls, I would greatly appreciate that =)
Maybe you should hire a functionality studio then
Good players
That totally makes it okay and acceptable for them to kill them though so
..... hold the biscuits.
Spicy!
Omg... It never dawned on me that I could pull out a torch to light up the night until now... I've used them in dungeons just never outdoors.
is this really that much worse than all the mtx bullshit already in their game lol
noice and floooowy....Artem!
Top 5 series of all time, get on it.
What do you use for a scanner app?
He said annoyance not "make your life a living hell"
You misspelled Clinton Foundation
HAHA YOU SAY IT FELLOW HUMAN
because all those nonviolent offenders will be out there raising hell
Cause the souths a buncha uneducated racists
Because of course death is the appropriate punishment for pimping of the disabled
But they's protect teh freedumbs
I'm just glad that for whatever reason people are still thinking about Space Cop, good or bad.
I don't need an app to tell me I'm on reddit too much.
I agree with this
It was a definite consideration but I found that the times I drew it the impact was negligible and not worth a slot that could be better damage generation or utility.
medium rare or gtfo my country
Boy
But Ezeli
Are you trying to say the bulk of Islam is dangerous, and people who practice it passively are the exception?
To be fair Nylander was one of the best player on the ice tonight.
We all learned that in the bass gif yesterday, professor
That's beautiful, where is it?
"Lol" indeed, if you think the number of people *using* Bitcoin is anywhere close to the total number of holders.
ORAORAORAORAORAIRAORAORAORAORAORAORAORAORAORA
Hm
Rank among Airmen is like honor among thieves.
Made 30 corpses in first mission, now i went mercifull, hoping to change chaos level to low.
I swear the guy always plays his best against us, glad he's playing well for you guys.
genesect received, ty
DEPORT!
Capisco l'integrazione ma vedere se c'erano italiani disposti a farlo prima no?
Dwyane lookin like CP3 out here
"I'm Helga but you can just call me an only child."
She should really cut it out.
Well there was a woman posting earlier about dating for free meals... So they're probably all the same
Im in a systems class rn, this is basically my life lol
You forgot your
May I refer my learned, continuing keyboard stalker with no self awareness to my previous post, but 12.
The fact that people here take you seriously is worrysome.
Meme umido
Indeed plebs, make sure you pick a job where you are just a nameless, faceless, disposable cog in the wheel, because there are no downsides to that at all.
Nah, they just gave him a few dozen helium balloons.
Aaaawn &lt;3
Gee, if only there was something they could have done differently so they wouldn't feel so bad.
The only thing that matters is serving women.
Seems like 80% of the posts now are YouTube vlogging channels
Are you on Mars?
Evolution
Party over species, amirite?
I'd love to hear that someone sneaked it into the video player on Trump's plane.
You did, you just don't know it yet.
Mothafuckas in the barbershop.
Their have been rumours of SKT letting the other team play their best comp in the first game of a Bo5 to see how they play and how important each pick / lane is for the other team is so they can adapt their pick and ban for the rest of the series, sometimes this means the other team wins the first game and SKT come back to win 3-1, sometimes SKT is so good they win anyway.
*Insert joke about consoles*
Then don't buy them?
We had Rashawn Scott who was great at making plays.
Unless you go into Online Adventures since there's literally no option there...
Of course they are, CTR is just a scapegoat for them so that they can feel better about having their safe space where they don't have to confront opposing view points and be triggered.
But Metallica has "metal" in it so they're obviously the most metal of all bands
Oh, she only did that because she's neurotypical.
Brexit won by a million votes too
T-72A post-buff can compete, as well as having decent accuracy without having to stack for it(except for horrific aimtime, close enough).
Short answer: Yes Long answer: Absolutely
And the text that writes above it?
Worked for Donald Trump, Westboro Baptist Church, the KKK, etc etc.
Look at Eli and Peyton, they are totally the same
DAE love SD better because the ass of the women are better
*This* is old school cool.
you only get them if you queue support thats how riot fixes supp being not chosen
After a year of getting killed by the netcode i think it's fair to say anyone would be angry ;)
And then she can start her own co-ed team with two males and completely ignore them
Mode analysis is WITH T2, friend.
I only included regular season stats in an attempt to line them up more evenly, so in my numbers it's only one more game.
It's metastasized
I wouldn't say its an improved version of spell damage, for one spell damage works for AOEs, while flamewaker just gives you an extra 2 uncontrollably damage And spell damage again is more useful for direct damage in combo decks(where kobold is popular), cause you control where the damage goes Not saying flamewaker isn't broken just not broken for the reasons you think
If you find someone selling crimsons for 30 I'll eat my own foot.
But Brady took over week 5 of this year.
It's a consequence of capitalism.
I understood that reference, for what it's worth.
There should be more and more explosions every loop.
Other than services like Coinbase, how does one get US fiat into the Monero universe?
How much longer til Mertesacker is back?
Naya zoo
Downriver refugee seeking asylum?
IVANKA2024
Risky click of the century
is
Hes a racist.
ppl starting to realize that they cant simply grind their way to legendary anymore, and getting salty about it because "thats where they belong".
The brutally obvious facemask
Holy fuck, I love this subreddit
It was obviously proportional and on the online game population, i dont have time to search around to find it, but it exists.
You dropped this:
Conan didn't like it so I don't like it
I'm sure Twitter will suspend all related accounts for doxxing and harassment.
"I told you baked beans and Pico de Gallo don't belong in Fettuccine Alfredo, but you just called me racist"
It doesn't seem fair when they have plenty of other bars and in my experience the lgbtq bars tend to already be small, so straight people just take up space and make it hard/confusing to hit on anyone for fear of hitting on a straight person.
But then he'd become corrupt like every other politician ever.
Are we sure this isn't due to having two teenage children?
leaves or power orange which is more hyped
Nuh-uh, she is a damaged child from a divorced family of an abuser and addict, she was clearly seeing things.
Who cares?
PillowCats - Now featuring built in head nuzzler
if only there was a designer in the trump family who could pick up the slack.
and didn't you know, their healthcare system is better than america's.
But he doesn't settle
TIL Hitler personally killed 6 million Jews when he was a child.
\\[T]/
sorry
Friberg fat jokes are always a great
Now THIS is newsworthy
I can't imagine why people of color hate the GOP and many people are protesting Fuckstick Vonclownface
More proof that this race wasn't based on misogyny at all.
I love lamp.
why dont we just put all the CODs under one heading
Is that like the Alabama version of the Maldives?
Pretty sure the only reason is because everybody is super scared driving on them and thus way more careful.
*nead some love
WTF
Pupperty city
Haha I wish
Abs and defined biceps, looking killer!
I ran into a cage that surrounds a fire alarm in gym class because gotta go fast
Also it won't explain the plot holes, they'll just be longer.
I feel like there's a significant difference from a player's twitter feed and a commercial.
That's what they want you to think!
That's like me with Gretzky, in my eyes he isn't the GOAT.
God, the comments are cringy as fuck.
What I don't get is how come if trump won, so many people are more against him?
Oh no comics are political
Yeah it's pretty baffling that someone trying to be a fully on comedian while playing game after game he's never played before would struggle to pay attention to subtle nuances
He rents.
Yes because things like Wyverns are easily countered by non-SE content
couldnt he have just watched this video?
How does that work do I just ask an employee?
So they unknowingly agreed on that you shouldn't procreate, because you are that bad at CS?
Something tells me that wouldn't be too long if he was sent to the general population there.
Look at this guy planning ahead, the PC's would hate you.
I think I need a little help with this one...
We are ALL cheapskate dirtbags on this blessed day
Amazon didn't call for a total and complete shutdown while advocating for bombing Agrabah, therefore they are shills.
The art style seemed really familiar.. nice one lol.
Not selling, but they didn't say anything about not *stealing*... :P
It gets me every time.
Exactly
Who knew this election was about the American people?
You forgot
Yeah, screw Christians!
I'll give you $3.50.
What is Berkshire's influence on Nevada's energy policy?
Im here for the gold.
Good, I tweeted Brad to put him in the truck, so a confirmation would be nice
Hey man I think it looked pretty cute in the *after* pictures.
Sheikah magic tech powered motorcycle named epona
Yeah I guess doing nothing is a better option.
yes
Drove a fucking Mercedes?
...You get right the fuck outta here
EMU struggling right now though
Oooohhhhh, the swastika... (Starts looking for the impending lightning bolt for saying so) :)
Many homeless people have jobs but can't afford housing, or can't get a job/ have been unemployed for an extended period of time.
Teachers
SimsResource is my life at this point
I can't wait for everyone to come out of the wood work complaining about it when the Democrats become the obstructionists next year.
Badly written and uninformative.
I put on my robe and wizard hat
Not really
Alright that's it, I'm changing my name so I don't have the same one as him
At least he doesn't have the tism
for you:
We all had that one friend that we just *knew* we could never lend our CDS to.
We still should have advanced out of the group
Such colours
They stole it fair and square, what's the problem?
Thinking about getting one myself and was wondering what you thought of them?
In the end, this is all that really matters.
TYT credibility is at an all time high
Nice reduced cast speed
But at least he's not autistic...
Twat's wrong with it?
oh, you let your cats on the table...
Milo Yiannopolous said so, so it must be true!
Have to wait for the rock climbing DLC
Yeah, that's fake.
Well Raikkonen does know what he is doing
Yeah, that worked really well in China.
You're a fucking white male racizzz shitlord
Hey, I'll upvote a 30 Rock reference anyday
Is that a gang sign?
Haha, like a harmless tar and feathering.
Oh, jizz.
If you still have all the parts that came with your car you should have an unpainted tow hook in the trunk that screws into the same spot.
Yah and Israeli's aren't our allies
Got McCoy, cmike, Dixon, DeAndre Washington.
The countdown timer at :42 for so long it causes burn in
just take out another loan for the down payment, its that easy
Run csgo in compatibility mode
fucking wow
yep
Combine with drugs and become a writer/musician/artist?
About tree fitty
I agree 100%.
But we should give him a chance!
The Ball hit the start of the line that's not a first down.
I'm with ya
Yes but vaccines violates my rights
Wow dude, you're being really douchey over someone not taking patrol seriously.
Same age as your "young" DeGrom.
Flair twins
Just bandwidth restricted (max frame rate)
If you live in America you might be able to get one at hot topic
That's all neoliberal policy, if you dont support single payer, free tuition for Barron Trump, a $15 MW, and taxing the rich at 90% instead of 45% you are just a "centrist" Republican neolib-con.
The hand up the arse doesn't sound entirely necessary...
I had the same thought but during my o&amp;g rotation in med school - vaginas are disgusting.
Just ran into a Trapper with a blue mask and immediately restarted the game...nothing for lil' poor ol' teenidol.
next step is pushing people into ovens!
If this article is correct, and were Trump a politician interested only in power and not the well-being of his constituencies, then he (and his crew) could take away from the article that he should make health care in this country even worse than it currently is.
kinosaurus6
WOW ITS ESL IM SO SURPRISED
Yasai Guno... is that you?
Good to know they can get out of there quick if they do though.
I agree - but partially I think that's one of the reasons why the sections that reflect race often do so in very ham-handed and awkward, conflicting ways.
"Why use a reliable, unpowered peripheral you can replace for $5-10 when you can use an unreliable, chargeable peripheral that iOS like to unpair randomly twice a day, for the low, low cost of $30-150?"
Found a Trump voter
NO TESTING ON PS4 BECAUSE YOU DID NOY PAY FOR THE G... OH WAIT...
I think this analogy breaks down when you consider that (a) Bernie probably won't be communicating from beyond the grave and (b) that every BernieBro wouldn't get to be Luke Skywalker (unless Bernie plans on working a lot harder in death than he did in life).
Ya, screw this dude for sharing his opinions, amirite?
I love snaxie
Spoilers, dude!
Its Ubisofts way of saying "We already have your Season Pass money, so like it really matters what its about...."
Took a while for me to realise i didnt need to sort through my shit to retrieve my shiv everytime......
Got it :) thanks!
Can't wait for 500 years when everyone remembers how barbaric people were in 2016 because they raised half a trillion animals for slaughter a year and then dismisses everything accomplished.
I'm fairly sure this is already UK law.
Why is Switzerland not prosecuting the bankers who help the US chase tax dodgers then?
Yep, that's it.
Bohemian Rhapsody en Hotel California, natuurlijk
How deal surprising amount of damage as angel lady?
Wait, I thought Trump and Hillary were the same?
jeremy scotts
I get the reference don't worry
A comma after the word "months" would make it much easier to understand.
That explains why the entire planet is blue...
So clever.
I didn't know Benzema used reddit... Well, what's up Karim?
I was planning on carving one but, I mean, there's simply no topping this.
Bullshit, Walter, mark it eight.
Yes but they nerfed HS so it's effectively the same as having HS.
nah... pounder maxes are totally not AI
I was going to say this.
...for women who don't support each other
Is this
My powers of detection tell me this is
No way either of them deserve it over Jackson right now.
I could've sworn this said Bill Murray last time I scrolled by here.
Here
well yah its easy to do on console and pc, but in real life he wouldnt be able to do that at all.
Yeah we should make Islamic people wear arm bands too!
You forgot the
Everyone goes through a huntsman phase at some point, you'll get over it.
Colorize?
No, they were still working for me from CP's provided I had them unlocked with a token already
Put rice in you PC
I only have 8 food items and can onluy play till wedenseday which is when the current soloes (and im assuming challenges) expire.
Yup
Do you not understand plurals?
I think bears need a loss due to 2-1 division tiebreaking record.
I'm lovin' it :D
My gf has got one of these hair *exactly*, but then there's no red hair at all... what?
RUSH B CYKA, go long kurwa
Or they bandy this shit around until someone with mental illness acts on it... just wait until some poorly worded trump tweet sets off some asshole to get at the enemies of the god emperor trump.
But, but, didn't everyone want the story in the game?
This is why Trump won.
Bill Hicks is a raver?
Trump is going to bring the jobs back.
bogdan isn't in rank S anymore
I guess the joke was a little too subtle...
This is true, they weren't complete barbarians!
Wonder what the persons recommending Mustafas are saying now?
So does actors... I do agree that the whole "they are famous, because they are famous" thing is really strange though.
:(
-group hug-
lol ok creep
Well, she only fell down once.
Oh of course
Yeah my world was a lot easier to live in when I could tell how bad a person was by the color of their skin and then blame the problems of my world on them.
Creep haha.. And no that's not
aaand theres no 390x..... and no its not same as 290.
Patriarchy!
Yes, I have heard reviewers says that you lose some peripheral vision and you lose the immersion
Same to you, I wont spend more money on the game though, really fed up with the gameplay (PC).
Without youtube recommendations, I wouldn't come across channels like Tom Scott or Kurzgesagt so it's sometimes useful, yea
I laughed at that much more than I should have.
Signed sealed and delivered.
Cause she kills babies
I think the phrase "social construct" is a bit more accurate.
Well that's what your wife is doing.
Damn rich folk who can afford a cloakroom charge
Yeah hard to say but usually if you're being tailgated it's cause you're going too slow and there is nothing in front of you.
Me neither, thanks OP
I've found out that the Republicans are not always the bad guys.
scripting
I agree, as an 8/8 this is far to weak and would never see play.
What's your problem with Gainesville?
YES BUT HE'S STILL A THUG YOU KNOW HOW THEY ARE
No, that's an immigrants fault
Yup, handlock was the epitome of a slow control deck, the death of handlock marked the death of late control decks imo
Makes you wonder how he made a son in the first place.
Second largest language at work (native) is Spanish.
His gear is crazy, but what's crazier is how many basi/ogres he blew up to get there.. im talking billions ... billlllions.
Sure but that will slow you down
funny that i get approving comments and DOWNVOTES XD
Wanting to improve your financial situation via increased income is a form of negativity, because capitalism is totally pro-human nature!
Does it have membrane or mechanical switches?
You can't be racist against white people.
Well, we all know what a bastion of ethnic tolerance and inclusiveness the soviets were so it totally makes sense with their message.
Yeah the problem with the democrats is they are never willing to make deals,
I mean I played with friends and laughed my ass off, but something inside of me died just as this happened ... ;~;
Funny thing - I live in Europe and haven't seen non only chip machine in a looong time.
For reddit, it's the other way around.
We are losing this game right now because of McCoy and stupid Russ Brandon
You could also include ana with that wasteland skin.
You take that back you heathen going under is for degenerates!
It's not his fault he's faster than that guy!
If our offense could just remove their heads from their asses, that would be great.
Wait, but I thought all Redditors were white
It was harsh but I would say it was brutal, let alone brutal in italics.
rose is the best defensive point guard in the league
If they did then i hope it would be on android also
Lol No what exactly are you talking about?
Good thing it's only $1999 instead of $2k!
Was an
Do attractive men exist?
It's easy to put the blame there but people overwhelming supported her here for God knows what reason.
Top quality shitpost +1
What a shock.
Aaaaaand that's why you draft em in the 2nd round
Yea it was nice, you had neighbors and a little neighborhood to explore, you had your house where you could decorate and leave things.
I don't know, I think it would help justify the massive killing sprees by seemingly random individuals.
Good to hear, thank you
Haha he's studying so can't travel, but I'm not tied down to anything at the moment and am self-employed so it's possible a Texas trip could happen in the near future
Man, we should all boycott SNL until that Norm MacDonald guy is fired
Def make sure it gets to the cloud in case the HDD stops.
Mince Meat.
Me too
isn't it kinda his job?
oh, back when america was great.
proof saban is losing his edge?
No, they're very stealthy, it's like ^^^^^BRRRRTTTT!
Shhh you're in denial
That's racist
What's funny?
Taker without sleeves just seems wrong to me at this stage
Honestly, "common sense" is such a BS term I hate with a passion.
C
Yeah and they also make certain humans to give up their habitat for following a non animalistic religion.
I thought this too, but she says that Teddy will come back at Wyatt's side.
Indeed!
That 1 year free g-fuel though
Can't wait to point fingers at anyone I dislike and call them racists!
Thanks for curating the entire comment section for me!
It doesn't show any nipples or sex so it's fine.
pretty sure f0rest is the greatest CS player of all time and every tournament he attends is automatically obliged to give him a MVP medal
Straight guys aren't in the show's demographic...
OP can not into sentence.
Speaking of cities that are lacking in cups... Are you feeling the Blues?
Lol well that just gives it away xD Ritual Beast with tech'd Ghost Reaper and Cherries
Well I guess Serhiy Kokurin's family will be happy to hear he's alive.
In 4 years
This might come as a surprise, but developers actually care immensely about the products they make.
I have a feeling it'll be a single liquid lipstick color.
Well considering he's buying it for minors, it's fine.
The only time I've ever heard an audience gasp was when Caesar shouted "NO!!!"
I hope the coats are all ok...
Sounds like me trying to build an army in Civilization
So... Is she a GILF?
So far we're at three timelines and counting, with a few events taking place outside of this (like mib killing Maeve and her daughter)
Oh yeah that's why the banks have been so great about extending loans to the people since the bail-out.
Beel'zebub is usually associated with flies, not spiders.
Yeah i'm pretty excited about the prospects of pool nation fx 2 aswell
We don't want you unless you remove that sticker.
i cant take the concept of "lazytown yaoi" seriously
And tell your mom about this sub.
Triggered
those with vested interests make sure that any case that looks like it might get to SCOTUS gets let off.
Have an up vote, came here to say this lol
My news told me she was the most qualified ever and that Donald Trump is orange, thats how I know it isn't fake.
Equally well read
Involuntary celibate.
Whisky will always think they are still puppy sized though.
It's almost like it's just a reward for folks who commit the time over the holiday
I own you slave
Athletes have a duty to tell fans everything they want to hear and nothing else!
Clowns killed me with umbrellas while riding horses.
This is the funniest thing I've seen on this sub all day!
Recipe?
oh yea forgot to mention the 91-100 border, good point!
I think it means you have to dress up as God on Halloween.
Some schools give Saturday detention
Glad the guy choked his way to the top.
Until the day the reds and blues get washed together and all come out purple.
Better to start a campaign against a frog.
An eternal 6
How could you write essays without knowing when to use who's and when whose?
That's why its good to have a *budget that allows for decent test equipment such as the* Fluke DTX or VERSIV.
Perhaps like how they drink yak butter tea in the Himalayas?
He can't be a terrorist he's white
I'm sure you could could come up with a system that only penalizes consistently poor play, but that would take some thought and we know WG is happy with the current MM because they are making money.
Thatll teach ya to speak in generalities.
Also known as autopilot &amp; chill.
he has money so it makes it ok to hate or act like they aren't people with problems
yes, because destroying the means of production that they plan on recapturing is the smarter move.
I love nature
Game doesn't work how I want it to, stupid game...
Placed in bronze, but honestly feel like I belong in Grandmaster, so that's how I voted
Robidas Island has a new resident.
And make it an 8/8.
Now she's a Jill Stein esque radical leftist
Clearly Tony Romo sucks and Dak is Roger Staubachs illegitimate son.
about 10, the rest are bots
I always love my hollandaise super dark.
excellent observation, this is key.
Kase Keenum is an awesome QB.
Cool
Julie Cash is pretty close
We're talking about polar bears not black people
We kind of already saw what he could do.
And how did that go?
Kaine campaigning out of a pickup in front of 20 people today proves it
Trump's presidential advisory board for agriculture, specializing in peanut farming.
:/ damn sorry man, if it makes you feel better my game is glitched, my players Skelton pops out of his skin, so every time I crouch my screen goes red from looking into my own body haha like it's in playable at this point lol
Psh, if the steak isn't mooing at me it has been cooked too long
Apparently 100%?
Have you tried while inside their body?
they are likely collecting the new data separately but showing the old for now, because the small sample of new data is largely useless, whilst the old data is useful for general purposes.
They should at least give him an assistant's job.
Yea I agree let's tell every worried parent to become a doctor
Aka the 2017 ford fusion.
On January 3rd, I will be out, I'm sorry, in, with my date Afterbirth+, where we will have a jolly ol' time together.
What's with the voter registration thoguh?
They do
Title is not necessary for me, just mount a serious title challenge and push them the whole way, if we win fantastic, if we don't then at least i know we gave it everything and didn't bottle it.
I just want to know how he didn't hear them coming
Worked for me!
I help until 2 gens are done then I hide in various lockers until the other 3 people die, at which point I hope to find the hatch before the killer.
In our society everyone tries to swindle everyone else, there's nothing you can do about it
Thanks for posting an unfinished work, don't waste our time until it's finished
Wow, what a significant and impactful fervor buff
V10's.
Don't worry, when AG Giuliani implements national stop and frisk, crime will go down, bigly, believe me!
b-b-but we gonna bring back coal!
I really like the look of it.
Wish I wasn't poor
You forgot the
I'll fucking trolley pole you, ya gronk.
One's a children's fiction about code, the other one is a children's fiction about cod.
Thanks for the reply, But that's a setting i've already turned off in attempts to solve this problem.
What a racist.
Same with Alladin with "all good tigers know when to go" becoming "all good teenagers take off their clothes" for some people.
But have you spent years developing resistance to iocane powder?
you 5k players can't understand 8k decision making smh
Something something Germany protecting from Bolsheviks
Air Canada Center is named after Vince Carter
Jeff Fisher: "Kind of odd" all my teams end up doing bad
The mentally ill "argument" is purely from the people that hate them, not the doctors or therapists or anyone else that deals with gender dysphoria on a professional or personal level.
Hey, maybe this post will be the one that gets him fired!
Jack, Jack, Jack of the Jungle!
Because as Android clearly demonstrated, Octacore CPUs were miles above iPhone optimize dual-cores
Make Leo sell them all, he doesn't have any other use anyway
Yes?
Yeah cause last nights game had no staging at all in it, right?
MAGA!
28?
Could be related to a boss fight step in there although i doubt it
Yeah, but Trump never pays his debts.
surely all the hundreds and thousands of protesters will use their hard earned money at local businesses around
that Freakazoid is all aim = just one skill?
Why the fuck would anyone but a remaster in the first place
Oh, so you have sexual desire and are not asexual?
Is it because he's fat, loud, arrogant, and corrupt?
Am uitat
bot purge never forgetti
"please take a seat over there"
i mean might as well if you're gonna be 2k forever
I mean, I was actually thinking about sonar but periscope works better.
Guess they should probably start prepping to pay for that wall eh?
Robert Paulson
No critical strike gem for Templar seems good and thematic.
I for one...
10.5 km an hour is fast but not very fast
Blaine County?
Players said that zenia is underpowered, so they made her *broken*
To prevent you from getting gems for LE's
Still hoping for the dream to come true
Free Cascadia when?
What a biscuit.
Holy shit I'll go to jail if it's like a game
This is how people discover psychic powers.
I think he forgot putting
Might just have to bite the bullet and go with basetao's shipping
With Fabric re-opening and this place arriving, maybe there is hope for our nightlife after all.
You sure it wasn't Chad?
gibt auch nichts besseres als sich am bahnhof zu besaufen
It's no fun beating you guys if you're missing your best player.
It would only be possible on a par 6 but I don't think I've ever seen a par 6
Wooo!
Now I need a recipe for all the leftover sweet potato mix.
I'm sure there's more, the Thai example is the only one that came to mind since I have one.
4D chess amirite?
Led the league in YPC, was on track for ~1200 yards in 10 games.
wait until brexit actually happens then we will enter recession
Rioting is illegal.
Look at that libtard disrespecting a member of the military!
Black Friday gem store sale: bag and bank slots 10% off whoopee
Nintendo already confirmed no backwards compatability
So, no evidence of actual rigging, then?
AJE is state sponsored terrorist propaganda!
I don't think Obama actually said that, pretty sure this story is fake.
No, they are all similar because they are all based off of true stories and people
Isn't Kotg too squishy and dies kind of quickly when focused that's why he's not good against orc?
Vertical format really ideal for this sort of video ...
Considering this says it's the Black Friday sale, I don't know why everyone is so sure we're getting another flash sale on top of this on Friday.
That clayton keller kid is gnna help them out in the future.
Im not kevin dude lol dafuq?
That's probably what yo is waiting for the
No, solar is bad, clean coal is the future
But what's more groundbreaking, medical care or a fake stage to practice on?
I hope they sort their shit out too, my friend :')
Fortunately the job has qualifications listed and Jill Stein meets those qualifications.
gross hematuria
I think he's being a little more direct from "space travel to further mankind" to "hey, those gaskets are going to fail"
like a butterfly, but you can't accidentally stab yourself
He definitely sounds like he did.
That's definitely weird, hit up u/atviassist and try and contact them through their twitter
Well obviously they're all leaving a lot of kilos on the table n00bs
Best way to keep Arab and Paki redditors out of this sub tbh
FSU beating Florida by 25 Alabama losing to Auburn and then Losing to Florida by 20 to end 10-2 and Florida at 9-3 SEC Champs sounds much better for chaos
Mardi Gras
We left Europe though
No shit *yawn*
Nice try OP That is clearly one dog laying next to a mirror.
Probably the only reliable way to use this garbage...
Rob Lowe or David Letterman
Was anything from Deathly Hallows Part 1 even in that video?
I love it, it's so bold and flavorful.
Targeted Chem trails, vaccines, cellphone towers The list goes on
Any funny stories from the marines?
Rogue Jade Idol is the best Jade Idol.
Shouldnt have taken the towers down then^^^^
and don't forget poor people are poor because God hates them.
Your daughter misspelled her name.
protip: They don't.
This shit was hella dissapointed after crybaby, literally like 3 goods songs on here
I too also thought this.
Yea everyone knows democratic politicians are super honest, way more honest than those dang religious cuckservatives.
Although with today's interest rates being so poor this isn't really a useful option.
bring back the "double down"!
Stop following me
If it is an opinion I disagree with
But they didn't have permission slips, signed by a ~~parent or guardian~~ leader of the United States....
Dragonite Ovaltine The N The Reeboks The Grape The Asus The Cost
if a girl could tackle julio jones he should be ashamed of that
Top of the league.
Holy shit what in fucks sake happened to rock man and the mummy?
Pakistan ^implied
He's a climate change denier.
"Spam attack"
GoodAtBeingDerpy
See that would require actually having a team around Trout.
Yea you should probably go wait in line now man
/
That's my secret, kraby [I don't]
What Microsoft have done it to trick you?
You got a link for that?
What's wrong with the Teal Pumpkin Project
I assume
Well, bless your heart.
The Idris is currently for sale for $1300US, I just bought one :)
Gotta minimize that entropy people!
Flair checks out.
To anyone that is confused, Andrew Luck , is in control of said events.
technically not white noise......more like...meh nevermind.
What if he was just a Dukes of Hazzard fan?
Only Americans use Reddit, didn't you know?
It's always a great idea to stereotype entire states' worth of people based on one's personal experience!
Remember that people said the same thing about Brexit, or even the idea of a certain someone being actually elected...
Pray tell how do you swing the doors shut when the butt is right up against the wall?
Northgate, a well known bastion of white upper middle class privilege!
Don't mock the triplets!
Went to the park last night and burned out about a little over an hour.
Us raiders will take him.
Austin Allen has thrown 15 TD's for over 1600 yards and nearly 65% completion, in addition to only throwing 2 picks outside the Bama game, where he was forced to throw all day (and put up 400yards against them).
One day they'll get it (they won't!)
But how do you keep your plebs as low wage workers if you empower them?
But not if you drop some soap beforehand to break the surface tension!
and his mom too
RIP :'(
Stay the fuck out of my neighborhood for your commute.
He just asked a question, calm down!
While I do agree with you, it's worth noting that im australian...
Not a pop-up block?
I've heard that many strip clubs are open and are fairly packed on Thanksgiving with guys desperate to get away from their extended family, so there's that goin' for ya.... not that ^I ^have ^^ever ^^entertained ^^that ^^^idea ^^^myself
You have too much free time.
Sorry didn't realize you were her therapist
But not my gym please.
Spanksafe!
7 million subs..that makes me shudder
Hastened Fatalis
If you put your mind to it, you can guzzle anything!
I already own the TSM Icon, I'll gladly take 250 RP as compensation.
Ya I wish him the best, but it's a blow to our youth development for sure.
None of the apps are working
She's probably the Blood Elf Priest.
Marriage is one (male sim) and one (female sim)!.
Move to Germany!
I'd take you up on that offer sometime
Downloading apps through the app store!
Hopefully this tweet isn't being as over hyped as the birthday cake.
There's no reason to remind us every six months.
How benevolent of them!
We need to go wider
Maybe it's because Morrowind has more katanas compared to later games, that's all I can think of lol
If it works and and it looks stupid; it's not stupid.
Ohhhh that Leeroy Meme, you're a cool dude weldon
tfw you downloaded the Season Pass on your alt account
Relevant username
Soldiers are sacrificing lives for the country, your inconvenience is nothing.
Ahh yeah my low bar ritual is similar to that
That's why I don't trust those sort of socialist cooperatives
We can get the choppers to take to the skies and check it out
You are the problem haha
Why you so cautious?
But but...I was told this couldn't happen all along
The person she harassed.
Permission to board sir!
edgy
"But she said yes"
Anything quoting DJ Khaled
Auctioneer is a rogue card though
Ask your friend late next week and see what he says
Everyone knows that sign language is a gateway drug to gang signs
Yes, all those high school teachers who teach symbolism in literature are doing a lot of publication in peer-reviewed journals.
there was yeah :)
TTIP would be dead without him as well.
I love how you think you already know this is going to flop.
Darwin Danger shield
[CITATION NEEDED]
Takes all the fun out of the game imo.
Probably not, but the tourism it brings is significant.
Dat ahegao.
i think you should ask his permission before starting any threads in future.
The way God intended mhm.
For my area it's about $20-$25 USD per jump
Yup the smart are always crazy to the dumb.
Hmm... Assassins, built as Tanks *maniacal laughter*
Sausage-egg-and-cheese sandwich... fuck
The "you should see me before I die" comments from grandma are the best
Solution: Use another device.
Campus.
What a dumb dumb
hello.
Spongebob Squarepants.
Racist.
When I looked it was only a few sources were discussing it and faux news was one.
I don't think a lot of people seeing this will realise that it is a *real* murder scene from earlier today
YOU ASS WE ONLY HAD ONE TAKE
But more keen to watching his boyfriend give blowjobs and get fucked
Because all of my liberal professors tell me facts and logic are meaningless methods of oppression fabricated by the patriarchy.
North American here, theres a 70 series?
Lol
Don't give them ideas!
Expected forza in first person
Needs a
David Wolfe says its true
Some peoples sole job in life is to be an entitled rich spoiled brat and having everyday life drama being their main occupier.
It appears to be standing up.
You got to be either desperate or stupid to get one of those... either way, I feel sorry for the person who does.
He gets bullied at school because he's so much smarter than everyone else
You ded yet?
Females don't ejaculate silly
There is definitely something to be said for the enjoyment aspect if you've got the money.
Wut.
I have a friend who is definitely not me , who's done that actually...
But wait this guy is a Trump supporter, he's obviously wrong and an idiot.
I really want to get started drawing, but I have no idea what to draw... how do you pick something new to draw everyday?
Please tell me you dropped your
Want to say 'lucky man' but unsure after reading your username....
What kind of process is that for you?
Trickle up economics
Well 13 and a half if you have the front nine.
How about apps like Wunderlist or Trello?
yes
You forgot the
You could've handstanded to protect yourself from slipping
Welcome to government employment.
Ahora que va a haber VTV esto se soluciona, vamos a viajar mas seguros
But I thought we should trade him for Jae Crowder and a 2nd rounder
Wow, that VERT chemistry though, what a game changer!
Yea, it's spelled "HiLIARy", duh.
*tabernac*
trying to refer as they are equal in their different ways
He sucks so hard, can't even troll properly
Luv u
wait then what do i take O.o
Happened to me pretty early on; at the motel that you deliver Cindy's package to.
Man he's such a bad shooter!
Eww lava hound
I bet her act is just hilarious.
Cartridge and digital download based.
No that's a fucking $400 price jump
The left died a while before that.
I do this at 22... :(
What got to me is it looks like the hair plucked at around 0:57 implies radiation exposure.
*cough* Because there wasn't ANY major leaps and bounds in both software and hardware since HL2...
Got you
Website checks out, looks legit as fuck of course
Y'all repeat after me: Thermodynamics ain't my bitch
So that's how he won over all of those people...
LOL swordart dropped to masters trying to carry him
I mean it's not like we have anything better to do with taxpayer money.
H Y P E Y P E
So you're saying Bernie can still take this thing?
How many can go thru?
That sounds, you know, okay.
I'm just waiting for the Apple Cord Case that I can buy for 29.99, which will completely resolve this problem!
TUNNEL WOLVERINES RULE
Easy AVR
But you get 1.5 assists for threes...
I'm really digging the fact that a team is FINALLY using vegas gold.
Hopefully it contains blood, drugs use, swearing and romance option
National security.
You mean like everywhere?
Not if the operators suck, or are too powerful and get nerfed to oblivion.
Heh, no worries bud :)
This is America, can you convert it to inches please
No.
Becaus it was affected by the hand cannon nerfs
They must have nerfed something in crucible.
There's no way they actually find that funny
Oh its easy to farm those, just get a party where everybody has 100% trust and do dirnado/olderion maps.
Thebaby, nothing personal, i just prefer others over him.
Se si ripristinasse la pena di morte, io la prevederei anche per certi reati tributari
9gag, you've gotta be fucking kidding me
She's reached the top of what she can get, but hypergamy makes her want more, she gets a set of bolt on tits and now uses the boosted SMV to branch swing a little higher.
Week 7: Oh wait they are all dead and out of money from the hype and dokkan fests....
Tasty amethyst - how much did that set you back?
No Ness no game
This is essentially aim assist on console
Let's see how you feel about that if everyone in your team picks either dps or sniper LUL because no one needs those meta tank or healer picks pretty overrated if you ask me
I wonder if they did the same?
maybe qt stopped playing him
Couldn't get on the site.. Mobile user
Shit logic is shit.
If there is one type of person with the flexibility to do that to the right knee without injury, it is a bodybuilder
It is shocking that a city with tens of thousands of illegal immigrants, hundreds of thousands of anchor babies and tens of thousands of workers crossing from Tijuana every day would react negatively to a Trump supporter
I talk about two different periods
I'm *so* glad we spent the money on those signs...
Yea, about time they put Warrenpoint on the map.
Say what you will, but with a Large weed farm, and a small counterfeit, I've financed all kinds of things, and made about 3m.
I mean, mostly economic anxiety, but yeah, those things too.
I'd like a Nicholas just for a good show
Oh really I honestly though he used his grundel
Oh what fun Narc-idays are.
IVE BEEN NEXT IN QUEUE FOR 5 MINUTES PLEASE GOD NO
From the comments I've read about how it's going to be nothing but Shamans, it doesn't sound like there are going to be restrictions (aside from the deck being Standard only).
I dont think there was a "worst patriotic" scheme unless you count the TrumpPence 55
I want to see if it tastes of strawberries.
BECAUSE... UHHHH... TAJAE SHARPE IS GOOD... I THINK!
ur spending money on pixels so who's the real winner here smh
I was looking for more ways to burn my money.... good thing SRL is coming up, I hate the fumes that come off burning cash...
I totally remember when Obama threatened to jail his opposition.
I hope so because I adore Casino Royale and he has demonstrated that he can be an amazing Bond in each of the films before Spectre so hopefully he can knock it out of the park with the next one.
He back at it... yeah he back at it
1v5 outplayed and outsmarted
My S7 edge has a built in compass that works pretty well
S7 with Samsung browser takes about the same time.
Yeah, this should be fun.
Also, intersex conditions don't real.
B
Of course not!
Well, he solved the icing problem.
Knowing the way CIG has done things, it'll probably be ridiculous detail like parallax occlusion mapped footprints.
Yeah season five and six are on yahoo i believe, i picked up the DVDs The seasons werent baaaaaad.. but they definitely lacked the flavour the old seasons have
If someone did that to me I would be in need of a really good lawyer.
gg I am going to dodge hitscan... Because you can totally do that ._.
Yeah, not getting a lot of help th ough.
Sauce?
PRAY FOR ME
Thats why California has more electors the fuck are you going off about?
pls tell me how to abuse
Giant Poison
Civil war
Oh boy I haven't seen this advice in Reddit yet
Been around for quite a while, to stop car bombs and such, which were a big threat in the UK/NI/ROI since the 70s/80s.
If clean drinking water isn't a right how could literacy be a right?
Because when someone online tries to force your hand at *anything* the best response is to tell them to fuck off
Yeah, they should never introduce other Force powers
Yeah, if there's anything that's known it's that Germany and Japan are terrible at engineering and don't make quality products
Nah orange kronic bro
EVE Online Players and Spreadsheets.
I found the links towards the bottom most informative
But he's not involved in this so bringing him up just to be snarky and shit on him is kinda irrelevant and just you being a dick for no reason isn't it?
Honestly don't know, I guess we were just compatible.
The Oline is gone.
But I liked the ugly "bolted on" looking wide body kits
Dude she has a QUEER FAMILY MEMBER cut her some slack
You gotta source for that?
It's okay, think of the resale value of physical copies!
But we need clickers to do all the damage to high armored targets!
Food etiquette is just a means for the Man to look down on us little folk!
So long as it's on buzzfeed and my friends have shared it on Facebook, it must be true.
No, I went with the :) instead of the
The meat on bone
Man, imagine being some goon, looking up, and seeing *this*.
Hey, would you like to grab coffee or a drink sometime?
The math was probably done by a women
Yeah don't get what the big deal is
Gots me a Viper, awww yiss.
Right because the NSA functions on pettiness
Don't know what you are on about,.... this is by far the best map in the game as decided by the entire community.
So is the last pic from Paul his face expression when he died in a car crash?
Stupid comment.
Officially sold out
Fetus is a stage of development of a child, like toddler, infant, or teen.
The percentage gains by moving everything to *random country* are too important for me to give a shit about the community I come from.
The WAR ON CHRISTMAS continues!
thank you for show me this
What a cry baby post
The amount of arrogance on display in believing Trump was gonna lose with 99% certainly was astounding.
Clearly a man who needs to be brought to heel.
Throw the baby at the place and make a run for it!
Rekt
You are sure, to win!
Literally shaking right now....
Sure, you saved $300 bit how much did you spend?
Oh, only fifty can break the bridge of course!
Gunter x Felicia so that they get married while accepting the fact that they will both always love Corrin more.
When your meme so shit not even savage axe bot says dank
:'(
and Fenrir
Hahahah, wait... I don't see the
First I heard of this
i heard he worked out with jordan over the summer
This.. Seriously, if you don't have the money wait for a Steam sale, but buying from this sources not only will not support the devs in any way, it probably won't be accounted as a Linux sale.
The nerfs did change the **decklist** of aggro shaman tho, lets at least give credit to blizzard for that
Yes, very interesting.
By the end it sounds like they're having sex.
But minorities have been kept down for ages that is why Asians still can't get good grades today.
Inb4 "How to get from Klapeida to Orsha" joke.
I think you mean Juju on that Beat
Found the pill whore!
No commentary on jokes allowed?
Ah right because the blatant lie about multiplayer and the outrage from the community about there being no multiplayer in it's final release are totally unrelated.
forgot the
Tribute fodder to go into the Level 12
Only if the democrats run your city.
My question: is it worth it?
Reddit isnt one sided at all
But at least he's not a politician!
As opposed to Republicans, who were clearly a united front...
This is definitely a Mazda 3 and not a Speed6.
Apple passing the savings onto consumers as usual!
You mean the Chinese hoax?
Cocaine
See that it doesn't.
Solo doesn't count
No, only 36% humidity, it's pretty nice.
I have a dumbo myself, those ears make them look super innocent, even if they are little devils sometimes.
.... But.... But my friend said so
thats a thing in tales of demons and gods(time/light/dark/death/etc), and probably other novels as well
Are you unable to use Google or independent research?
If she gets divorced, she'll have fun looking for work.
Because we can't understand, since we don't have kids!
If you don't mind posting it, how much did you pay for the car before TTL etc?
Then hand whomever it is you're speaking with a copy of "The Lottery"
This appears to be a Floyd Rose
Nasus, Rengar, Lee Sin
If you want to mimic a team right now it would be the cowboys look at all their first round draft picks on their line..I'm actually hoping we draft another linemen in our first round next year as well
What if Nintendo buys Rare from Microsoft
:(
Definitely gonna be playing it Rj/ It's a good game, but it isn't a good witcherino game
Westbrook is such a ball hog man
Yeah let me just ignore the frontliners and jump over everyone to get to Nox, that will most certainly work out well for our team!
Your name translates to penis in one language
Tier 2 option for sword core?
2016 strikes again
And I bet that dipshit Kapernick is so devastated!
Bakeries and convenience stores in Asia all do this.
Sooo accountants on cocaine?
Oh like a healthcare savings plan!
will do, thx for the heads up
Cause he is
Ba dum tss
Pls don't question RuneLeikvard
ab pura pakistan maila hogaya hai, koi nahi bolta ghayn aur khay jese 'mushkil' huroof.
The rest of it is P U R E I D E O L O G Y
Wait, you can throw nades back?
The 'x' just sounds so much better, hoped they wouldve stayed with it.
Thank you so much for sharing that with us, i was getting worried sick about whether or not you like this sub...
NOED on Billy LOOLL NOOOBBBB git gud scrub
Good thing the ladder is filled with all the control decks.
Oh neat... So I can already write my salty response in advance
As a liberal, while I strongly disagree with Trump's political views, I find it relaxing to know that there will be no no-fly-zone over Syria and no wars between US and Russia.
Yeah, well, at least we have guns to protect ourselves.
racist!
This made me irrationally angry in a split second.
Goalie
Can we get one of the USA?
It was a joke lol he should have put a
fuck me dude
Given that Texas is big enough to be on the border with Canada, I see why
Preordered, and not ripping it up.
jab teri dukaan mein aag lagaunga, jab dekhenge tu kya karega
It has been too long, how do Mormons spin this?
Their name sound like a bad harry potter's fanfiction
Slow clap
They should have pushed Alberto del Rio or Rusev, instead of Sheamus...
The focus of the criticism is on Woodrow Wilson for proposing the League of Nations in the Fourteen Points and then failing to secure American membership.
Better kill them all for their teeth
Despite its numerous bugs and flaws, this game does one thing perfectly: how good of a game DbD is.
Double meaning, nice
This is such a big problem!
He's lucky he wasn't shot.
Uncle Assman
Yep, I'm sure we'll grind up sufficient Volcanic rock in an ecologically sustainable fashion just around the same time we use two or three India sized areas of land we'd need to grow enough crops just so we can use them for Bio Capture Carbon Storage in the second half of the 21st century so we can avoid dangerous Climate Change.
I have a old 3370K and IIRC I'm still at around 80% of the latest flagship...
Freaking Europeans and their damn periods instead of commas...
definetly clown fiesta
FINESSIN FINESSIN I CAN'T GO ONE DAY WITHOUT FINESSING
Because Echlipse taught him how to break the bridge of course!
Just make everyone *promise* to use it responsibly
But this game doesn't have roles ...
\[whatever you wanna say here](link to picture)
What r u trying to sell and for how much?
Classic globehead
I haven't watched it, but I think you can find it online where they play everything in order so you don't have to switch episodes around and fast forward it yourself.
Raw tomato allergy (where cooked is fine) is pretty common, as even the briefest of Google searches would show you..
Spider mites!
Good.
Short term gains, ftw!
damn even google people are using apple...
Because life in Batista's regime was just an *amazing* capitalist utopia that everyone loved and prospered in.
You are saying that putting the waste into containers that won't last as long as the waste and hoping that a solution will be found in the future isn't good enough?
It's not like they're arguing over a desolate rock or something.
He's still whining.
Pretty sure that's all intentional
So what your saying is with coutinho out we are going to score more goals.
Because Helk is codeword for : "No fun allowed."
Yeah, it was refunded
^ this guy gets it
Stretching, light exercise, cannabis, distractions, eating healthy food.
u can move zen off the point
gg downvoted correcting someone when that someone was correcting someone else
Bullshit!
It already reverses itself.
I'm willing to bet the amassed forces of Just No MIL would beat her army's collective ass.
Put in my email address for a download link about 10 times now and still haven't gotten a link.
You're a banned user under an alt, get him!
I prefer to feel my way around in the dark when I get home, it's a fun game.
100% of statistics I see on Facebook are correct
Now who wants to play spongebob battle for bikini bottom with me?
shit I am, well it isnt usual for me to see peter pan that short, opposed to link, and i dunno seemed completely plausible, my mistake.
What's your budget?
We're all 2k each
Jumanji.
White makes right, patriot!
Lets go to hell!
i sure loved every second of it
Roses are red Violets are blue Thank mr skeltal Doot doot
Your *orbiter* looks like a cinema.
Nike still has a way to go before they don't look like velcros anymore
My girlfriend's pregnant too, I'm 'bout to be a father.
Cpk abuse a glitch with legacy that skulls you / ignores fury shark effects and are supported by mod pi so they don't get banned
Wasnt he the bad guy for the death of uatu?
Fuck China and fuck the liberals.
That's just what they want us poachers to believe!
But all girls can have sex anytime, anywhere with no effort!
By being escorted by a man everywhere, obviously.
This should be common sense actually.
Don't see why it would since it really never has but still no real idea till it releases to see how the story plays out
oh shit better study XD
I found it a few days ago and felt kinda mad i re-bought a TI-83 but then upon turning it on it seems like it was warranted when i got this weird mess..
Oh cool another retro inspired indie game
Yeah, slavery was totes fine and calling out the hypocrisy of proclaiming equality while holding a hereditary caste of slaves is just childish.
It's only political correctness when it offends those uppity minorities, not when it offends good white Christian patriots!
If they misgender you, stab them with the pin and plead oppressed!
Sidney and Crosby
OOOH AAWW
Flamed, lose butthole?
FUCK YEAH 3RD WIN
I don't think we're seeing eye to eye here
Well it's not a real picture for starters.
Lol
Isn't that on HBO?
If I owned one of these I'd swap the SS badge for a Malibu badge, embrace the sleeper status.
Damn... I can't believe I didn't know that... That is really important information.
This is correct, if facts matter anymore.
What's your stance on Muslim hate preachers?
Oh yeah, wouldn't want him to mess up FNC's hot streak lately
What a shame you still dont know how to talk like an adult.
The joke is on Browne, because that was Werdum's cybernetic eye!
only if you're a degenerate who speaks in ebonics
This image is acting like one of those optical illusions on my eyes where it moves on its own.
Just as a correction, you can't actually play Custom games with Xbox players, you can just share maps with them.
But Zeke trucked Kam in the preseason
Gronk is not as tough as nails lmao
...I am not the audience for this.
Jobs are based on patriarchal sexist divisions of labor how dare anybody suggest a true SJW work
The worst part about the holocaust is that it didn't happen
Love the minion changes but health/armor meta still sucks tbh
So what your saying is that she needs to shoot an unarmed black man?
Obviously hes lying cause why would he know Damon Albarn
I *wonder* what this is based on!
WHATTTT really?
O K T H A N K S F O R C O N F I R M I N G I G U E S S
Around me it's the skinny white guy that's the scary ones on bikes, I bike commute too so I'm always decently dressed, while they are wearing either jeans and a wife beater or 7 different jackets.
It's OK because u/TrumpsMurica's car runs on *gas* not oil
You would really though, right?
KC Bier Company
How are you not murdered every hour?
i had 1 pack, 20g 85g and a common card.
Why do I get the feeling this is what the navy calls when one of their men goes mia for like twenty minutes?
Yeah because only white kids at his school can paint their own parking space
Oh well that makes it ok then!
Yeah, Brady's knee will really eat into Dion Lewis' production
If they started out this evil, then I imagine they're only going to get worse from here... good luck with that.
Psh.. Nothin personell
Pretty calm expression for a guy with that many stab wounds
yeah ive been told the future timeline shit is just Lulz
He was talking about the white humans.
Sorry, all you'll get is more Drowzee and Hypno :p
Source?
Cool thanks for the advice.
Yes please do go explore and find your perfect planet, I'm sure that's hard though considering this isn't even an exploration game!
You mean liberal fact that is evident in the liberal numbers, right?
that's an easy heart to stir
For the Dutch people, yes.
When you touch a piece of wet food in the sink
I dont know about you But I love watching a great defense do their work man
They can't hire enough firemen because minimum wage is too high
Because that's the way to do things in life.
Hello boys and girls, my name is Donald Glover and we are here to learn about near and far!
Ok, thanks for confirming!
Because it is.
Oh yeah, the Apple OS is truly a blessing.
OP already said that they couldn't get a sim with data to borrow.
Dont try to seek logic on this sub
Wait till you start jerking off to the actual story....
Girl I can't understand it, why you wanna cap B After all of the flags I've gotten for you I bring you ammo and medkits, put repairs on your light tank But then you leave me behind, what am I to do?
The next time a woman "Grabs my cock" when we are being intimate I'm gonna make sure she never gets to be president someday.
No they're meant to hold grain
That's why he has the gloves on
Probably a pick 6 since his arm was coming forward.
I have no problems at all while my brothers are having unplayable framerates on the same xbox, really strange bug.
Or Options then settings then display then turn down the HUD opacity.
Love the trolling when you know you're wrong.
These people need to just get jobs and not be around brawls.
PVC cages are good too and much more visually appealing.
Oh look at mister "I beat Bloodborne" over here
Oh my
I had a double take since your Luna is Zeto and I'm Zeto(negi) but I am not your Luna.
Nope nV
Now now, u/patriotsandpokemon has assured me we're going 8-8 this year, so I'm sure we're going to lose his game.
I put out a feeler to a rebuilding team and he said he saw Allen and KBenj on the same level (currently WR #23 on trade calc) so you're in the right area, I think.
What was your path to being better?
Brooks Kieschnick
...right.
In my opinion, Warband for single player, and either Warband or With Fire and Sword for multiplayer
Lemme guess, they fined the car owner for obstruction justice and attempted deception of a law officer?
Did you go back to the title screen since downloading em?
Trump will save us
No, it was originally a dank meme but it was so easy to understand without any knowledge of the dank counterculture that it rapidly spread to normie circles.
What is the new voting system?
So... still available?
Yeah, but how many of those are votes were illegal?
Cosmic power, and Solar beam(?)
Ice Climbers, Wolf, Inkling (I know they have amiibo, but think splatoon should be in the game regardless) and maybe one more like King K Rool or something.
Cuz it's actually an alien space ship and those are it's afterburners starting to ignite so it can orbit the earth.
He's just not fun to watch, you know the refs can only get you so far... that's why he sucks in play-offs
The Limperial cucks just don't want Ulfric Stormcloak to Make Skyrim Great Again.
I'll believe it only when I see it on CNN.
*WMD GOT THAT WMD* *TRUMP TOWERS GOT THEM TRUMP TOWERS*
I hope you forgot the
Welcome aboard :)
i agree
Lol, you have to understand that dog time passes much faster, so he was here answering questions a lot longer
yeah I shoulda put
Yeah... record sales of the new MacBook really aren't working out well for them...
A good camera helps but I think you're only a strategic crop and slight color enhancement away from a fantastic photo.
OP should just buy them a house while they're at it.
Tell him to make a Reddit post about this question every day and claim the karma.. Oh wait
Its not a matter of Officer shooting unarmed dude hot take Facebook being where empathy goes to die Its where empathy as a concept has never even been introduced or practiced.
Keeping legs closed in 2016 LUL
What, his lame joke, direct insult, and ham-fisted offer of sex wasn't an instant panty dropper?
Finally a facepalm that isnt a facepalmfacepalm.
64 x 48 pixels I believe
TAKE THE POISON
Impurities and low solutioning can still cause creep.
Gigabit here, my network's superiority seems ignored, I am in the same groups as peasants.
Algebra*
Composing a song is a president's job, right?
Oh nos... how dare he.
I thought I was just sick this entire week but turns out its actually called the flu!
Okoholah shakalah, brother.
She got famous for being a really good actress
They are breakable by melee, 12 hits..
Ah yes much more humane to have it hanging over their head for an undetermined length of time instead!
That was just the beginning of the unfair persecution that would follow him all his life.
Well, you did imply that a poc might be an asshole to you.
Vigo the Carpathian?
Ya Tylenol is totally tanking now that I can buy generic acetaminophen
Just kidding, we don't give a fuck.
No firestar/10
No shit.
Shit I guess that never happened to me then, thanks for letting me know.
Jose, my bad.
to be fair, the kid was black.
15 mins I think it was
Is that size for Flat from Spongebob lol
haha
He looks incredible lol
If I hear one more person complaining about feminazis ruining videogames I'm going down to the bathroom to down every fucking pill in this house while simultaneously hanging myself
This is exactly how I feel
Stay safe man,
What a sensitive and thoughtful comment
Yeah we put football over family all of the time
Like .. 2 of them.
Oh ... your another one of those idiots that think putting the wipers up does something.
End of thread
1: all receivers are fantasy receivers 2: I'll refer you to Allen Robinson/Allen Hurns, Edelman/Gronk
No, she only won the popular vote cause of all the illegals that voted!
I know, its like he had to make that up on the spot.
This pop goes against everything feminism stands for, implying women get cold easier and are weaker than men and need their protection!
my case isn't an issue about not enough in stock, it's that the one i did order, that is coming to me, isn't coming on release day like i selected, and is instead going to be 1 or 2 days late
+Wikileaks doesn't hack or obtain its own information, it is only the medium to verify and publish leaks which have already been provided.
Probably the one on the left because I can use his power and influence to hopefully do some good and help people instead of sitting in my basement and complaining
PM me if you live in Iowa
Except that Cavs teamactually went into the conference finals and finals multiples times.
Or he could just join up with other people looking for the same thing :/
What oh man haha I can't believe they only wanted their oil level checked, I totally believe that.
Forgiven and febiven on the same team, Jacob wolf strikes again
But meh Bjergsen is na
Deceased Ohio State University terrorist identified as Somali Muslim Ali Muhammad
Mine has the mad scientist look for sure lol.
It will be close but I think your right.
Away with you easterners... let us westerners have something for once.
I'm not a robot seems like the best choice.
Should I feel bad for noticing her more than the really cool paint?
Probably protecting the food source....
Why would it be indestructible?
still thought it was interesting to note
Memories :')
I find your optimism disturbing.
yeah so *fucked up*...
because it's gonna go to Harambe obviously
It's nice, but I think the painters tape is a little tacky.
What part of "for most of his time here" didn't you get?
Don't worry Donald Trump will fix everything
You had better be fucking standing while you sing that or you're some kind of unamerican.
So did I.
Damn Amish hackers!
And I'm just sitting here paying for the stadium.
Conversely, if a guy bottoms in gay porn, but is only attracted to females, does that make him gay?
The other x know to stay in the kitchen where they belong.
That will stop Trump for sure!
It fucking looks like the octopus grew some stuff too, or am I just to sleepy, and sees weird shit?
Here's to arguing over Hell's Kitchen next week.
We have 50+ four and five stars, we're not peasants either...
It's rap, they're allowed to say it!
This is honestly my favorite comment in this thread.
*trigger warning* bojack horseman bored me before it could get good
There may be something in the type of information being communicated with your gaming computer and how much latency/loss/whatever is tolerable.
Learned this in boyscouts
And we're gonna make the gNats pay for it!
So... none?
im right there with you ..... nothing worse than a prius merging onto the I5.
thanks for that mental image
I'm not particularly close to anyone in my family.
Yeah and they transform into a new form and you wasted all the pots on his second form.... Yeah I'm looking at you, Sephiroth...
How about we just blame white people instead?
Just CC the CEO on all your emails so they can see all the important work you're doing.
Just make sure you actually spend that time on the material and it'll be fine.
(1) You weren't being sarcastic (2) Use this:
I can only hope that I get more stones and money before then.
But after you type it into Google, make sure to only click on Infowars or Breitbart or NewRepublican...ya know, the correct news.
Begotten
I've used youtube for years, literally never seen this kind of page before.
That will be politically incorrect and its very difficult to admit and improve ourselves.
Because playing big non-conference games matters even if you lose them all, duh.
A ja mislio kupuju F-19 ^^^^^
If I understood this correctly, you're a proponent of existentialism.
WRONG
I think you forgot your
I wouldn't be surprised if he did a stint at Williams just because Senna did.
This guy was Indecisive is what he was
He was just sorting her out.
I'm not an expert, but I'm pretty sure it's a bit easier to grow weed in the attic of a random family home than to grow guns, or whatever you rightist do.
Maybe they got a lil old Reddit hug and ran outta money or hit a limit or something
Oh man I didn't know I had to press a button thanks for ruining the game might as well not even play.
Oh pins yea I just shove my finger In and press them down and pick up the board by only the socket right without a cover right
I thought you left those on like stickers that add HP
I'll just be over here holding my breath until it happens.
* you're :D
Twitch has them
Why has this correct answer been downvoted?
Belichick plays to win no matter who's starting.
Ohhh that bugged the shit out of me.
And demanding everyone refer to you as such, yes.
Please list off ever candidate of a major political party who has NOT released their tax returns since Nixon.
needs the
You are worthy of love
* Marvin Lewis * Todd Haley * Sean Payton (if he actually becomes available) * Darrell Bevell (can't believe I'm considering this) * Jim Bob Cooter
Well with the season almost over I'd say it's a lock
A world government is the ultimate goal and what better reason to form one with a reef dying in Australia
But in ROTC-land EVERYONE HAS TO BE THE SAME
So you can teleport to your base from any space station, and I've heard but not confirmed that you can set waypoints on the galactic map.
That's when you just go get a cooler of dry ice &amp; put one in her hand to check it out...I might have a problem.
Looking at you username and your comment history I'd say that being in low priority isn't news for you.
This is how we get BLM, and we all know they've been really effective right?
people are stupid.
Mhara aadmi :*
It was in a different timeline...
Literally unplayable!
It's really tough to process details like this when the electoral vote totals are so close, maybe we need to put it in a graph.
Ketchup because I'm not a Goddamn animal.
Oh, I forgot that the race was still going.
It's not the old usp sound tho
Totally over reacting
...isn't that like work or something?
Rats, no Red Dead 2 preorder...
TIL English is from England
Fam tf you doin
What we really need is #WhereIsTheBriefcase
Cool I'll check it out, thanks!
It's not nearly as popular as any of the three things you mentioned.
Traveled for this game, apparently ill be sitting in the 400 block for this game...
My heart breaks knowing these athletes have to live with the disappoint of a community for this event despite simply agreeing to play in a chance of a lifetime.
No, you seem to be reaching to try and put words into my mouth.
That's because all the children are in labor camps you filthy commie!
I guess I should have added the
He might not have good plow characters like prox, silk, carnage, etc?
Blue Bell.
Their account is just shy of a year older than yours, but yeah, it's a pretty common joke nonetheless.
Make more more and quit complaining you socialist
wait are you saying kt is the villian and skt is the hero how dare you
Oh damn, you forgot the
No, I think they're quite drunk.
Junk food on Food Stamps.
okay but consider this: &amp;nbsp; funtime freddy fucking anal raping a bidybab while bon bon fucking eats his anal tissue while bidybab screams in pain =/= this picture
Something he has in common with the Clinton team
3....2...1.... And you're broke , Mickey !
That the earth is flat and vaccines do, in fact, cause autism
...yes.
The Order 1886
muh pint sized potion.
Isn't a danish a pop tarts ripoff?
I found it hilarious actually, I never said it wasn't.
Shuffle into side deck
Bond is dead to me since Pierce Brosnan got replaced by Daniel Craig :( He was the perfect James Bond.
Well, give it about three months.
"but it's not *my* job to make sure my words won't offend other people!1!"
Actually there were some deaths involved in the Apollo program, just none on flights.
Username checks out
This is very good news, glad to see some progress on a global scale
It's about the implication.
Careful sticking your head out a window and taking a picture like that.
No he started an analytics business which was joint with a hockey school.
Denver
Well why the hell not?
Try not to cry...
where the heck is fargo s2
Yah, because nowhere in the Qu'ran or Hadith does it say to kill the unbelievers wherever you find them.
we are invading Somalia again... he did this on the same day we declared war in that region again.
"NO"
Finally, the Urban Champion themed strata coaster I've been waiting for!
They would both lose their gains
How Much you want for it?
You're wrong; because.
And Adam Poch... With his giant fanbase
i played a lot in the closed beta and came back when sol came out as well so i would like to know what happened, i looked at all the NA teams and half the people i knew were gone except for a few names
Enjoy your long, healthy lives, you damn quasi-commies.
Candy colored polos, flared jeans, chunky belts, aeropostale, chunky shoes, pastel eyeshadows
I've not had the need, either another library already dropped to C or Cython (numpy, uvloop, httptools, a bunch of other python libs, etc) or the project needed to be in something lower level from the start (someone else's call - which was definitely right for the projects I have been on where that call was made).
\+ America gave Kresty CP #1 to keep him safe Dude had the odds stacked against him from day 1
*Wire* we doing this?
Scientology
I'm a guy...
Yep, seeing him on tv he almost always looks *way* more skilled than everyone no matter who's on the ice
Was that the game John Scott sucker punched Jackman?
Ironically you have to be on drugs To think Zappa's music is good
None, Goodell says player safety is the NFL's "highest priority".
Because looking at the forecast more than 2 days ahead in Vancouver is always sooo reliable
Could be fun.
At least a gtx 1280 to run at 5 fps for the release in 2024.
Didn't get diamond because I lost promos 4 times in a little over a week, can confirm I'm totally not tilted ;) who wants that ugly icon anyway....
Never saw that combo in Renounce Warlock
Smells like broke uni student just made 500$+
Make sure to wear your jury nullification shirt to court
Of course you don't, you repugnant degenerate !
Yeah but, you guys, he played in high school!
I can see it now, Carrier uses all of the money saved via the corporate tax breaks and then automates half of these jobs Trump just saved.
....
I don't know, I find the lack of picture rather soothing.
Same :/
I think he means Alex Hunter from the Career Mode.
Cause the problem with America is the tax system isn't "fair" for people that make more than thousands of others combined.
Which is like every Sunday cause you have like 9 primetime games.
The what?
The only time I hear comparisons between the Packers and the Patriots they're good comparisons like both teams making the playoffs year after year.
Yeah, it's not like Texas is one of the most successful states or anything.
no this is patrick
That's me everyday when I see posts not flaired
Google "Buc-ee's" Thank me later
You never find out until you move out of your parents house.
Unless its to a beginner...
I too know my fair share of feminists
It bugs out a lot, usually showing all incoming connections rather than just who's connected.
do they count as gamers... i feel they are tourists...
New home of Jenny and Hum?
100mn Dual Rep VNI + Geckos still one of my favorite roaming ships of all time.
May god have mercy on us
Yes, surely the comments advocating against this are far worse than the actual outcome.
Are you choking on the extra dick your girlfriend let you suck before you become monogamous?
Evangelical anything is a cancer
Super effective safety.
but laine is better in +/- than all of the Leafs rookies so he's better
but their PK though
Not enough Dairy Queen drive thru's for my liking, but besides that fantastic.
This thread is gonna be fun!
did you just assume my gender?
#notmyJarl
The antichrist.
Unless it's a Widowmaker, if your heal target is behind you then you're probably overextended anyway.
Yes?
how dare you insult our crucible overlord and father of the mighty SBMM
Wouldn't it technically be japanch?
Don't forget Gale of Darkness where you can literally steal Pokemon from other trainers.
He's the new Brett Bortles!
Hopefully they sold enough to get a sequel
That's not how freezing works.
Hopefully Bill Gates will close that internet up soon and we can finally stop living in fear of islamic terrorism and start living in fear of our secret police as God intended.
Maknoon and huni BUT Flame is way better than any other carry top
Dollars to donuts he's the next OC in Bama when Kiffin goes to LSU.
It'll be fun facing Auburn in the SEC CG.
Yeah, but the weed didn't win the electoral college!
If Breaking Bad took place in Texas, Walter White would just drink holy water until he dies
I hear Trump is working on one.
Well fuck off then
Hadn't it been for all the sitters or quality chances he missed, he should already be near 200.
Step aside neighbor,I have to stunt with my gems
But football isn't barbaric at all.
Yeah, because it's so useful because of all those lakes...
Crazier shit has happened this year so why not?
It'd be nice to have been able to just draft Dougie
That belongs to C9
It is an AT&amp;T phone but could be unlocked if needed.
It's fine if it happens to PC players but is completely unjust and unfair if Hi-Rez dares to leave one bug on a console update
Haha, you'd figure after 800 games i'd atleast see a hint of a shittier team getting ice tilt on their back due to me having a 5-star team or a tremendous lead but nope.
What of the shelf?
In their mouth because they're a cry baby
I don't get it he's saying the truth
Well shit.
Sixers get a replay, but not the Raptors
Yea, you should probably have repacked it with fresh gauze.
Fingers crossed.
No habla
Better make a registry of t_d posters!
Polls.
I'm convinced
*sigh* *Unzips*
Through this comment thread, I have no context for what in the world you're talking about
A cross.
What's the big deal with this building?
Those diagonals are triggering my anxiety.
Yes, they spent 112 pages of their recommendation talking about two words.
n
If we had a woman president, the c-word would not be used this way.
Oh!
Newst rumours indicate that Immortals will get 2 new koreans and keep Pobelter.
Yes, making an amazing item into an OP one would be really cool
It's an attempt to ensure that at least one of them goes for the ball in the situation that neither is communicating with each other.
I think it would just apply the levitation effect to the nearest entity.
of course you are getting double teamed by both factions, every faction is &lt;.&lt;
Asking the right questions
I am sure threatening potential customers is a good way to win them back.
Definitely this
Nice flair
I have a mint condition One Piece ROmance Dawn with slip cover for $33 + shipping.
Nah, must just be lazy millennials
How old are you?
I also served there, though I'd label them more like agnostic, or indifferent polytheists
You do not understand what kind of sausages I fatten clearly, and this seems like bribery of a government official.
They should both still give out gifts, to my knowledge.
way more ambitious with the ball, and way less vision/pass oriented
I'd like my 50 cents back sir.
Literally
One of the little things I really like about this book is that the first paragraph of the prologue is essentially a beautifully written version of "It was a dark and stormy night...".
Our guy won and everything is perfect now, why should we need to pay attention to politics anymore?
Sorry, but no, OP is correct on the pronunciation.
It's about time....
Lol because your experiences HAVE to mean that's how the world works right?
Right only pedophiles have common sense the rest of us are dumb idiots
Poisonous pufferfish.
He said Europe ;)
You forgot
It may also be water instead of radiator fluid, it's possible to use it in summer.
You got yourself a friend for life
I still have my religious victory game saved up, I'll check it after I'm done at work.
You are so irenic.
What, they qualified it with "a bit"
Shea "Due" Weber
Zack sabre junior, I found him boring
"Obviously your league just isn't very competitive"
Drop him and pick up his backup who joined the team like yesterday obviously.
Grade A point.
theres a snake in my boot!
a Pugilism.
M8 we have like 30 players on Ceres.
Are there other flavors than Honey BBQ and Parmesan Garlic
But all the taxes they pay!
Affinity would probably be simpler to code and put in the game
You're not by chance Tom Keen.... Are you?
At 22 minutes till the end of the video might be the funniest thing ive ever heard from killa
Pointing your gun into a crowd and **not** shooting is terrorism now?
Yeah and maybe it will be as powerful as a $2000 gaming PC too
Mmmmmmmmm, butter.
Or RTFM prior to assembly.
He got away on a rented bus heading to Austin.
Oh, it's five-minutes of absolute hilarity and joy.
All these game references and no-one says anything about the OG lightning gun from Quake?
oh, thats good to know, and here i was thinking otherwise.
What about my comment would make people think I was serious.
Target: Cuz fuck Walmart
Maybe they are just afraid of Tyro getting 2 hits with Thief's Revenge
Or maybe switch it to an "Enable Throwback Thursday posts" button.
Oh for fucks sakes
Yup.
Fuck being salty, man, you're as *dry* as a saltine cracker jeez
So...Rimando to Chicago?
Would be amazing but I agree doubt it
Sound like someone needs to buy the book :p
Not so fast... how many files?
They should have done Cliff Diver.
You caught me.
Good thing educated lefties are too intelligent to be swayed by this idiocy.
Those are the ones that got deleted.
Fake.
Good news, the perps were caught and goods (including the ring) were recovered.
You have to make at least 4 points for it to work correctly IIRC.
She signs off those contracts.
I didn't know it was ever alive
or how can I get that effect in my cars at least?
Is that that song by Moulin Rouge?
You're on a list now
Next year the Korean first seed might not lose to a wildcard team
Because I like having a roof over my head, and food in my stomach, among other things.
If you're in the US, I have a spare code.
While we are at it, recall Delac to replace Begovic.... You know, for depth!
I embrace the downvote.
I'm imagining Donald saying this in his voice and I cannot stop laughing.
It isn't true, they meant total populations not population.
You can always start to sign up to see the requirements
May Zaddy creator of kino films have mercy on my soul.
Try moving up/down in 3rds, and 5ths.
Pink Stirfry
Alright, since I've been seeing this sort of comment repeatedly, let's make this absolutely clear: I'm criticizing far-right populists for claiming to be anti-establishment.
Don't forget, he was a super stalker as well.
Yeah fuck that why would anybody want rep
i started when whitehead fumbled
MIS :)
Bring back the UFO hack, I'm so sick of not seeing invulnerable people flying around the map glitching into walls, this is not an authentic CoD4 experience
I mean thats Hoxha in a nutshell
To ashes, you say?
after the update and new atk op every map will have to be played like favelas... COD run and gun boys.
Um having no gender is a gender, It's called non binary you ignorant cis scum!
BBC: "the cannabis scourge" nice reporting BBC.
I mean after the super bowl and his business decision second thoughts no dive after the fumble, its a pretty fair criticism.
Well 6 squads and 6 classes.. Each squad can only have one of each class, perfect!
Alternatively, your whole life is sitting in places until it's time to move to another place.
With the right juice press, you can extract art from even the most untalented individuals.
The owl blessing of snow
And somehow find a way to get Jon Scott in the game too.
In our 240 years of existence we have spent around 217 of that at war in some capacity.
Her Uncle is the one who needs the help... Read the post before spouting non-advice?
I just did the same thing on my main's server( not the server with my crafters on it)
Sheet curtains are the best because you can fold them in half before you hang them up for double the sun block
I hate all of you.
He's the next Russell Westbrook
I meant the other guy I agree with you
Only cucks, plebs, and libtards vaccinate!
trp logic at its finest!
Haynesworth
Reddit, why do you keep asking the same questions over and over?
We must protect these children from destroying their lives by destroying their lives.
We are legion
Thread dies, motherfucker!
At least your keeper saved you from that corner though!
Doesn't matter; had legs.
More than my entire gaming setup right there
right after a match vs an aimbot (who thankfully had shit positioning), I had a guy who threw the next match by picking Bastion and then literally not shooting a single bullet till he died and then swapped off.
I can't believe people don't know you can carry electricity in a bucket...
you're a brave man with that flair.
Si Delima nanaman to for sure
Turn on wait mode for easier target selection have Prompto use his gravity ball, suck enemies together Use magic and wipe them out No need to avoid friendly fire
Also great if you enjoy 3rd degree frost burns
I gained much more core strength with planks than absurd sit-up reps.
Source:MAGA
Lmao at the 7 up votes for the constructive 2nd post where people don't get you're white knighting yourself
Hillary Clinton lost the election thanks to 80,000 Patriots.
Your face is illusory ohhhhhhhh
Banned.
TC doesn't help lift off oversteer at all though.
And Britain won't vote for Brexit.
lmao thanks man ill check it out
no
That's impossible, voter fraud doesn't exist!
but SBMM is supposed to prevent mercy/pubstomping
Sarah Olney campaigning against the will of the people like that... she ought to be ashamed.
You know, that's a really good idea.
inb4 i told ya so
You mean you don't control multiple pawns in multi player too?
it was necessary because you know, they were a really bad opponents...the whole 19-2 score thing..
Because reddit consists of only men.
It happened at the same tim for two of us on TS right when we logged in.
But I prayed for food and caught a rabbit so god must've helped me
F
Weren't we all so "lucky" to be in that select number?
it makes sense since soros maniacally rigged all the voting machines the night before the election.
No Surface Studio tho...
You mean not getting paid *anymore*, right?
It's not a next level infographic, so don't expect much, it's for a school "projekt", but I will do my best
The community.
Oh ok, I just wasn't sure if you were "sighing" because of IAmAThorns comment or because you're disappointed with the election results
Wow like that'll ever happen
Maybe they could finally beat 'bama
I see what you dood there.
Easier to defend.
Top kek
Well yeah, being dead I assume is one of the easiest things in the world to do.
something something vague ...
Great, great man
nope, votes should totally be based on land size and land ownership apparently.
be honest, you only do it for the minions ^^^i ^^^know ^^^i ^^^do
It would have lasted 1000 years.
You're missing the
DROP CHRISTINE MICHAEL BOYS, CJ SPILLER IS TAKING ALL THE SNAPS!
It has recognised your complete transition into the CSGO/DOTA 2 fanbase and is treating you as such.
"If only people who paid taxes vote."
Democracy only works when 'my guy' gets elected
That was beautiful.
Both are fair points, I'm just saying he's been inconsistent
lol Mass Effect 3: Sponsored by Crayola
That's what I am thinking but I'm pessimistic af
Also a pack of Belmonts
Ayyy!
What the hell does the United Nations have to do with this?
harsh life
It's generally accepted that they did one test in the Indian Ocean (Vela Incident), but they have never acknowledged it, and any details around it are still classified.
Don't salute someone that's not an officer, how dare you!
"ay bb, wan sum schlong?"
Highlight them and hold square to dismantle.
Then you have no posts
Cortisol release and hypoglycemia
You should Periscope it when you do.
This was actually Theranos' strategy
He's looking pretty buff
Wow, they have this one in the bag then.....
Claiming his knowledge as gospel for one.
lol fucking good one mate
Hopefully Fisher is gameplanning for Brady and not Bledsoe
Made in Grand Rapids Michigan....this is my BOOMSTICK
Just wait for the Josefson clearance special after Christmas.
They sell it by the gallon at Wal-Mart, go there, geez.
I'd be more surprised if it were two sober Irishmen.
I figured out a way to edit locked buildings; Go into building tab, click on any piece, hover over locked building, click add to building, esc, now you can edit building.
no thats fpsrussia
lol what a hero
Happens to the best of us bud
Indeed :(
how many of him you selling?
Well, assuming you've beat the game, [Lusamine]
a concert of locker room talk!
While they're repeating it, it sounds like something amazing is about to happened.... which does
I relegate myself to d3 when i reach one.
You're not right.
Yea because kicking Sneaky would be the worst thing to happen
Or we can gas the weebs and they won't be a problem at all
Three more days and you will be accessing parts of your brain unknown to mankind, a week from deleting it you are developing telekinesis and understanding the cosmos and reality in a seven-dimensional way.
Nice seeing a non-bulls fan appreciate shrek, even a cavs fan!
Describes most trump supporters tbh
Looks like Gorilla Glue or maybe Afghan Goo?
Can you burn it?
My scientific studies show different results.
It's adderall.
More like burst henny, did you see Chubby Ru?
Face melter
That would carry more water if the US was an isolationist state, but yeah..
7
That volleyball scene though!
Joe Sakic
Bernie?
Is this the new Byak that came out or an older one?
aw man
Team rocket blast off at the speed of light.
/gonewildcommentsinfootballgames
Would he please stand up?
fah-meme-us
TIL hipsters' moustaches look like the Devil's Nuts.
Your husband is a deviant.
LUL nice bait but I'm not falling for it.
Bloody South Australian windmills...
Nah, it's totally justified
and meme, don't forget the meme
What would somebody hoping to avoid seeing NXT Osaka results possibly expect when clicking a thread entitled "NXT Osaka results"?
Energy prices are totally unrelated
Yeah man, laughter and happiness is just the WORST
Okay, someone has clearly been playing C&amp;C: Red Alert 2.
ram is set in new ones.
I just want to know what Bon Iver had to say there
The government needs to invest in games like Tinker Island to preserve culture.
NSFW tags pls
You must love your wife to leave your computer at the end of the most boring scenario ever made.
If only there was some kind of market mechanism which we could use to prioritize transactions...
it's pretty much motorsportmanager version of alonso everywhere xD
Tbh it costs about 350k to upgrade an high end car but you can really notice the difference
Welcome to the Premier League!
*whoosh*
Guy hasn't done anything great since is this it really.
At least you could customize your page with him.
Nah, he goes in twitter rants when he's criticized
just not about to be bragging that I'm one.
oh yes but white people can shoot up schools and fuck their families and thats alright
No no no - People making and using hacks must be a direct result of the developers, right?
Almost sexual, isn't it Smithers?
Must be nice to live in a district with 100% internet access.
The banks didn't cause the 2009 financial crisis guys, no one was arrested.
Bb gimme these awesome triceps
Hard and elites are easy obtainable by pickpocketing elves in priff
Title game strong
You mean 8 years?
This is your cat on drugs.
Thanks!
Republican strategy #1 since 1992: Accuse your opponent of the things you KNOW you are guilty of.
Hi
They are remastered on the ps3
followed along with a year long suspension for Prater, wouldn't that be just awesome!
Anybody else notice the typo about "a single water molecule weighs about 18.015 grams" now that's very heavy water.
He abused an oversight of a mechanic that was clearly and officially not indented to be in the game.
"How dare other Americans express their opinions oopenly- only the Right is allowed to be biased and hateful!"
an iceberg is also the perfect representation of how avoidable this situation is
I guess I should have added a
Oh aha I was referring to trying to pop a synth on my Xbox one, with some slight
Breaking Bad - The Fly
That grip is indecent.
Reddit gold ?
I better put the
No Hawkeye?
This was really cool.
Or, just spray an oil spritzer into the air in your living room daily.
right on my friend
Wife is, I am, I'm sure she'll be an A's fan
Drama and suspense?
MBP users should try that Fijian app.
Another good way to bleed is to park on a steep hill facing up and add fluid/bleed.
what the fuck
Lol at the year.
Fukm
Cumming.
Dankness and notinterestingness are not mutually exclusive
ah wouldnt be a season of eleague without the same salty cucks posting about how upset over a crowd.
When you don't put
Ama request : OP's principal!
that sigh is the air leaving the ball again
I'm not knocking him, just merely pointing out they were already here when he took the job.
this but unironically
If u make more money than your parents (presumably) doing something and have a persona then u bet your ass she would let him act like that
Tfw you know there shall be a USS Donald J. Trump.
I love Curry and all but why the fuck does the commentator orgasm every time he makes a shot?
Yeah :/ If he tried it could be possible to get back to his 2014 dominance with the right coaches, plus this is the assasin season right?
L
You dropped your
lol they mustve forgot to mention that to me, cuz i shelled out $180.
They have such respect for women's rights.
You can't have that unless you are an ethnic German.
also, use gas grenade on sentry but not on the flamethrower
You just want the US to fight Russia for you, and then you'll point fingers and tut tut about "the world police" Liberate the Russian Artic from warmongering Canadians lol
It's almost like we're all human or something!
And have you played Heavy Rain or Beyond 2 Souls?
Yeah, you're a disappointment.
mistake was made.. , fixed
Hummus and chips of any kind, I like that creaminess in combination with the crunch.
should've had a brazzers tab
A bunch of us (who all met through here and the manchester subreddit facebook group) often go, though there's no specific plans for tonight.
that's crazy I would expect the people in asia to speak english since that is their primary language.
Would be so funny if people came two-toned like that
Mephisto
Maybe they should stop smoking cigars and popping bottles after the championship too..
Thats mine give it here
To see various viewpoints I'd also recommend using the search engine as their are a plethora of threads dealing with these discussions.
Ah yup whoops
yes its 100% red
Hey, if it falls through I have $150 worth of amazon cards, ive gotta fill something out to sell $100 gc though first
And even better if they would get eliminated from the playoffs in the wildcard round... please let it happen!
my my they have Namo^TM chips in aadhar i didn't know that
Lol Anti zionism
Yeah minions are fine in the first two movies but else where
Bottom-left, no?
Now you understand glorious plan, comrade!
Somebody didn't get their cup of spirit soup today.
Then she starts "coffin"
NO.
B-b-b-b-but he's the "roast god".
More like afterburn with a coordinated team is op, but yeah he's pretty good I guess.
City match perhaps.
Wait.. you're not getting the Omnigul strike and then killing her over and over in it without finishing the mission?
My SE has the TSMC chip but im sure both chips are nearly identical in performance, especially since the SE pushes less pixels than the 6S
So what you're telling me is that my dick will be 4 inches longer?
I wonder what his age demographic is..
Why is this NSFW even?
Don't you know trying to be funny excuses you from everything.
So, what exactly is abnormal about it?
And each of the 3400 steps is really just an NPC wearing a step as a hat.
but philadelphia totally doesnt deserve their reputation
Maybe the ram still works
It's the Irish parliament.
Now I just gotta build up my crew, last one's gonna be named "IfTheyDontDanceWellThereNoFriendsOfMine."
Home fries!
I think it was a joke.
I'm having Vinesauce flashbacks
Uber.
It's an evil alien life form, the villain behind the entire story of FNaF.
It was a yuge failure and funded the Chinese middle class!
This looks like the Opera House from BSG
I think OP meant that most exits are entrances and vice versa therefore the different names are redundant but ya your right
Thanks for this super-meaningful contribution.
semantics
Hi, i can give a Alienware ra code for a Smite Tactics Alpha code :)
r/loseit read the sidebar
oh wow you are so unlucky
I am their food source and I throw around things they like to chase
lmao I can't even watch this, the editing is horrible.
Thats too predictable, and this offense is not known for being predictable!
He hates the Christmas special, going as far as to say that of he had the time he would track down every single copy of it and destroy them
Yeah, there's Indio and Blythe too!
Pouring beans on eggs is a legitimate meal.
Yeah cause that game was made in a low budget
This is obviously a false flag to shame them into silence.
Too bad God decided that this dude's house was worth more than the lives of the people who couldn't escape the fire.
Ranged Slark with a 4 second lifesaving/deletion ability seems good ^^^^kappa
He thinks they let him, in reality they are afraid of him.
excuse me this is why Trump won okay
Elsie death loop confirmed
But, why?
BUT MY G3 DIDNT GET UPDATES!
"Morgan and Shelby's friendship is superficial" Yep nailed that one
Schloops.
Fatster McFattyston sitting the in the front row.
.-.
But that's just it, you can't watch it all day because you're connection isn't fast enough.
You can also keep pressing back till you reach the home screen and it will be playing in the background and hit back again and it will remove the front screen to bring the movie back.
yeah, like the uncharted sequels changed gameplay at all
No, it's clearly because he's a n*gger!
How?
yeah he's missing the point about how white people face just as much discrimination as minorities do.
It sounds like you should've pressed alt+z (this enables/disables the HUD).
Shit posts all day, every day in r/cricket, but we are quite proud of that.
Why else would you be against intrusive anticheats/IP bans/HWID bans?
That's a bit farther than I would like to drive, thanks though!
Only real rappers know Biggie Cheese
OP saying that killed a little bit of me inside
Jerry Lucas
The human race and Earth in general
You found it on VHS not VCR.
You're not a pirate, just a damn Aussie
Putin's Russian so he must be a communist
He baited Ruckus ulti, pretty good play
Just slide your code over here I'll try it for you
- **ID:** 942 025 375 - **P-lvl:** 297 - **Notable Captain(s):** SW Ace(4Max), 6\*Lucci(3Max, no CC), Fujitora(max CD), 6\*Doffy(3Max, SP:5), 6\*Borsalino, 6\*Law(3Max), IntHawk(max CD), Rayleigh, WB, SW Shanks, 6\*Aokiji, Corazon, 6\*Marco, Bartolomeo, Sabo, 6\*Blackbeard, 6\* Jimbe(max CD), Cavendish - **Looking for:** Fujitora, Lucci, Borsalino, Law, Blackbeard
My #pizzagate PTSD is kicking in.
I'm uncomfortable...
'stealth' but seriously, i think the pool is full of sound resistant water
Quebec
Damn, did Bill Gates actually shut it down?
I don't know anyone born between 87 and 91 who wants to see it though.
Bannon and his accolates should be so proud.
BBC's finest reporting once again, article was 2017 when posted
i know the bar isn't really that high but do we really have to add "bunch of idiots who voted a mass murdering maniac" to the list?
That sounds horrific.
If you often practice on 128 tick dm servers it's really not that hard to get such headshots.
Because pizza causes all the scandals.
I'm gonna be beat to death by Kip Addotta
Have everyone stand shoulder-to-shoulder and they can fit in L.A.
Yeah, but a patch of grass would not pay you a sponsored pokestop.
That's how you know it's a top notch lens!
Finishing a half marathon in 2 years isn't that good a time, buddy.
Gee ya think?
I didn't realize Hollywood was so far from Cape Canaveral.
RACIST!
Can't wait for Elon Musk to cover the world with internet from space
Your logic is not welcome here.
That was in Illinois.
Well Carson is black so, he's got that going for him?
yes, particularly the fear of less money if they don't bow to the coal god.
I wish I could discuss like this.
Why does he have eyelashes?
Ah yes... four bar linkages... #GREAT MEMORIES.
It will release at 9pm for me lol.
Thanks.
Wow this is amazing
RIP In Peace Scopics But in all honestly I wish you the best of luck
whoaaa, something had a better low end than a pair of Grados?
Well, if you just give them a place to stay, more of them will come, doncha know
It's the same as in the primitive church, doncha know!
To me, Arnold has been dead for centuries.
Oh then in that case you are good.
I see Black Widow got left out yet again.
can't hack a cd
Kebab and falafel places are truly the sign of a fallen London.
But there is pretty much no way they will ever find out, especially when you only have basic coverage.
make a shit load of p250s.
Yah i take back all i say, jagex once again pro at balancing content
u/pitchforkemporium where are you?
People were booing Trump so now he takes revenge on Boeing
I loved Gundam wing back then and wanted to name my future pets Trowa.
Why can't these frontline people also do things more interesting than "I attack"?
You have to be intelligent to understand what his current mood is.
You forgot the
Temporal displacement
That is not the question its of the two and nothing else.
You?
What farming comp do you use?
Seriously STFU The overleveling game problem exists- creating posts on it does NOTHING so just stop No one wants to hear you and your woes of facing a level 13 Royal giant
Sure, I'll go ahead and make an entirely new subreddit for libertarians and make my own stylesheet, and gain a million followers.
missing the
Remember WAY back durin the Summer of Punk..DEMS THE GOOD OL DAYS
Ooh la la
Hey if you aren't a proud PoC, you are appropriating AAVE, so you can step the fuck off.
He's actually just *really* good at hiding it
Obviously not, you can't even fucking see her
If you play dota and you're not already 10k but still playing dota, you should jump from the nearest rooftop
He featured on Speedin Bullet 2 Heaven, that album is considered classic
Another sad story of gun violence
All the pirates are in his deck, duh.
AML confirmed prequel to Set You Free EP
Wow she even tried bringing politics into it
They see everything.
Everybody knows that military members overseas vote overwhelmingly Democrat.
I thought that Renault won't upgrade their engine.
And flowers, great body, nice hair, good clothes, and a car.
Yes, I mean do we have evidence that they were they people who leaked the emails?
Oh sorry about that.
dude everyone says that to me on r/Rantsfromretail about my job because god forbid I have at least one rude customer every time I work or bad experience with a coworker I dislike
You're a hero
Plot twist: The security guard is Lawrence Taylor.
Where I am from you'd have an assault and battery added to stopping in an intersection charge.
I'm the Pittsburgh Rain version of you
If only your opponent knew how to defend properly
Maybe we should elect that person instead of the racist Drumpf
Found the virgin
Maybe he wanted to fight someone his own age.
You dropped your
Can't do popup lights anymore, and the 991 headlights are about as flat as you could get them without a popup.
how the fuck do i downvote this (lol)
No, I found the Gravetender fight to be extremely well thought-out and satisfying, one of the best fights in gaming history hands DOWN.
This may make r/w vehicles really good.
?
Does this mean we're getting the Spider-Man: Homecoming trailer this week?
After all, it's all sin, right?
Cat in the Hat
You underestimated how much of a fucking nerd you are.
Censoring.
Codiene crazy, 56 nights
Smell like bullshit to me.
Already blocked on copyright grounds in the US.
you saying you don't like the time traveling fetus?
Thats because they are all to busy doing "world pvp" outside kara
Yup, I like em but I don't get to wear em often.
But... But... But...Clinton News Network...
Wasnt ATG, he was doing half reps.
If Hillary won the bankers would a been kicked out
Anybody can do that behind that offensive line
You can send an inquiry to ekkor about restoring your account, but as far as I've read they only do that once, Not sure if its true on that last part though.
That's right, everyone who disagrees with you is a shell account.
N is for no survivors!
First update for GTA that's actually like Grand Theft Auto
pff thats all?
Although I kinda think it would be a shame if such a decision on which of their historic characters to bring to the nexus, would make a lot of business sense for Blizzard to do this.
Make MatPat the real murderer and the Marionette was Dawko all along
Don't worry guys a pro vouched for him.
Gun-Free Zones are an overwhelming success.
They are scary looking
WHO HURT YOU
Yeah man, my belly button doesn't even sweay
Because I see Arfoire as Neptune's evil mom
but... but his godly strats
Such a sexy weapon, I just wish the moveset and damage output matched
Now that's a campaign promise I could get behind!
which division of the CIA has the proof of Russian hacking and has come forward and made a public statement laying out that proof?
It's because he knows the US is in good hands.....
So is the one smg I keep getting killed in 2 hits by, clearly.
Because it's icky.
Consultant?
Yeah but Thanatos can hit you for literally 99999 damage, clearly broken
I don't think it's even remotely about "using more fingers" as much as it is about making ATs infinitely easier and people thinking it would lead to buying/modding the best controllers instead of actually getting better
Isn't Kanye's mere existence a charity to everyone?
She probably doesn't want all her presents stolen :)
I feel like you've cheated and entered 3 numbers though!
Take your damn up vote and get out of my sight
Is this a JoJo reference?
"Portland to scare away big companies"
I would be shitting my pants if frank mir was coming at me like that.
Something funny one of my CS professors once told me: Emacs is an operating system with a decent text editor built in.
John Podesta was Hillary's Campaign Manager
I've never gotten gold I wonder what it's like
I should've put an
M&amp;B: Warbands is on consoles now.
See the bug get fixed first before the traps
"Is mah right to be granted pity dates!"
Can we just crusade these backwards fuckers yet?
Pretty impressive that naut only went 2/4/3 while mid was feeding, then.
Cant hear you... We are too busy making it great again.
replied.
A sexy reindeer?
The Otrain isn't affected during snowfalls so I assume the LRT won't but I'm not an expert (not in the slightest)
I'm sure this will bring back jobs somehow.
literally the Grinch
Careful, calling them deplorable is what makes them vote for Trump.
Obama didn't keep us safe on 9/11.
the problem is that you try to do raid lvl 2
Um im playing animar and don't have a sol ring so your whole statement is flawed
I bet those really long coils behind your mod get some insane flavor dude!
He wouldn't have to tweet if China's media wasn't so biased
All those 0.00005 seconds saved all add up!
Gavin is always a bit fake.
That game sux tho
Because obviously it's all done on a sound stage.
Well c'mon we gotta take sides in everything these days, don't you know the way of the world
If I didn't enjoy WOW, would I still like NW?
That's cause you ain't got a silencer
And poor people deserved to be oppressed more
Your room must have smelled nice.
Got one 110 alt for one reason; herbing, and I don't even do that anymore lol.
Pls check your privilege you cis-white-male-slowshitstain-PCs before you queue a game.
I wonder why this guy doesn't have a real job anymore
I didn't realize the world was filled with so many racist white supremacists.
perfect foot warmer and netflix provider!
I've had this happen many times ;(
If only people would stop post about the infinite sprint and more about how to return to Lucis after beating the game using Umbra
As your team
If you're good enough to be in October, you're good enough to win October.
Haha was waiting foe this
Only the best in quickplay my friend.
That hand wave is the gesture version of this subreddit's name.
It's not gambling if I know I'm going to shoot myself.
Lol
Sure, sounds interesting
Have you tried charging your DS?
Revolutionary advice
I'll keep stealing your girls then.
Who cares about health when there's free food and shirts?
And men want cold stone floors!
Provided that your Pokemon's EVs are the same, the level at evolution doesn't matter, since the stats would be recalculated based on your Pokemon's EV spread upon evolution.
His personality is also a boomerang
Now we know why it's so delayed
It's possible these Pokemon will spawn in the wild when the rest of Gen 2 gets released.
WELL I'M SORRY THAT YOU'RE NOT A WOMANISER LIKE ME
No, but your keyboard will be clean.
It's most impressive considering that our defense was pretty bad most of those years.
Yeah, because no women play Final Fantasy ever and no high school girl ten years ago had an image of Reno from Advent Children on their binder.
You mean "$37%" right?
They just wanted a little last-minute practice before their honeymoon, who are we to judge?
There are individual episodes where its mostly with engine sound most of the time.
I would only use it as a cleanser in the morning, or if you haven't gone outside all day so you didn't wear sunscreen or makeup.
Its disgustingness is only exceeded by its cringiness.
About time.
Was expecting a tutorial on how to doxx your donors.
That's probably one of the places Lehi stopped!
Trent Thompson?
that response is perfect tho
If valid, please explain.
The Patriot Way.
Apology accepted, at least from my end.
Welcome, to Jurassic Park!
Same prize she earned in '08 by winning the popular vote against Obama.
And hp bar.
Yes because if there's one thing this dude knows enough about to opine on, it's not being a cunt
The boy got schooled?
i had a game in casual today , where i was playing anyfin palading against a zoo deck, i didn't draw any of my equalities nor tyrion , as a BM my opponent killed my only minion on the board which was thalnos then dropped dirty rat (before attacking with his last minion) but it dropped a drake, if i had tyrion and it dropped it i would of had good chances to win (still had a forbiden healing in my deck and i had 6 cards remaining and the last murlocs) :'(
tis gif's prob older tahn u butt stil it get postd evry yer
And THE bloodiest and most destructive war in all of human history.
And they said RX 480 didn't overclock well
He covers it with a strategic beard.
The Jin the article mentioned is MC Jin not BTS Jin :(
I swear if you just jinxed it.. ^^^just ^^^kidding
I am sure it will show gamers in a great light
Does Politico it have a history of fake news, why is untrustworthy?
insanity
Also Windows 10 fast boot needs to be off otherwise it doesn't fully shutdown, goes into a sessionless hibernate kind of thing.
mao killed at least 7 billion people #facts #truth #suckmydickcommies
I feel so bad for the alcohol industry.
But women can't be funny!
Work and family got in the way too but i managed to maxed him at the very last last minute
When your kid weighs about as much as Santa, it must be Santa's problem because he's the one now with the broken lap.
Do you use some texture/ graphics/ light mod?
Ill drop you an add when i get home from my exam
The world I want to live in, where there is a cop the exact time and place which one is needed.
Stealth
What's taters, Precious?
Damn those genes
well if you're the only person that likes your ideas, then what makes you think people will play your server?
Well, all we do is sell them to kids, so I guess.
I wonder if Trump would be number 1 if he was considered to be a reality star
Please lady nobody wants your man as much as you think they do.
Yeah, I don't understand all the consternation and rage where it's such a trivial fix.
except, he has to be hott, you know, with abs and piercing blue eyes so people will worship him, you can't worship a guy who looks like he's about to bomb you!
Annddddd it's my new phone's wallpaper
Is this a mobile game?
How dare you persecute them for wanting to exercise their right to spit in the face of Christ's teachings!
maybe next year we can just scrap the whole team and sign every free agent there is
Sorry.. :/
Nice..
Woah woah woah, are you implying that we would have lost to Ohio State in a rematch that we took to overtime in a home night game?
Obviously that just means you get to leave early, right?
Yeah and bigoted people usually have a Southern accent too.
Well Japanese GF still haven't came out, they probably meant that
I don't get it.
ok well what lamp are you at
These millionaires have worked so hard for their money, so of course Clinton should be thanking them for their generous support!
Nice repost
I could join, even though I dont have mic right now and I am bad at english + I'm currently 1500sr but rising
You basically have $12k of spending money now!
I gotta say that this video is very aesthetically pleasing!
BLBLBLBLB
Homophobe.
Amen amen amen.
Wasn't getting mad or anything lol just pointing it out
I'm pretty sure the design (bigger screens) will be the big feature.
If you think TRP takes a dim view, you should see MGTOW.
Benzema has lost his touch
Sounds to me like you were dealing with someone like a secretary who was told to get a quote and rather then say "I'll get those right to you when I get the numbers she just kept talking to them and you.
That has worked very well for our old bridge construction projects.
Aww hell yah when tho?
Make sure you hit up the Dunk and Egg series immediately after, then of course the Princess and the Queen, the Rogue Prince, and the World of Ice and Fire.
But *maybe* if we just give them a little more money... *maybe* it'll work.
The long con...
a friendlier/dumber way to say "split personality" or "imaginary friend" Cuz Dissociative Identity Disorder is totally just like dorming in college, just in your head!
Varane may have outrun Auba last game, but you can't catch muthafucking reus!
THAT'S A BOLD FACED LIE
Add this to tips thread
You don't seem to understand what the word literally means.
Rahm is really someone that politicians should respect and strive to be like..
Britannia, Caledonia, Hibernia... good ol' times!
Yes, 70 million Americans are all fucking stupid based exclusively on political preference.
Considering his ratings have been dismal then yea I say politics matters
Damn, it looks like he aged 8 years or something
Obviously they were picked up by some EU team
Probably perfectly legit, especially if you want to include a ton of high end extras!
But hey, at least they're not Hillary, right?
Yup, it'll be that easy...
I hope he gave you some ointment for that burn
Seems to me USA Today has been injecting too much of Satan's Spinach.
Just the 12 at the top of the lighthouse would have been cool.
That's 'alternative pharmacist', you fascist!
Plus it's completely natural and unprocessed, so that makes it healthy
Nah, man, the Cylons were all completely planned from the start, obviously.
Pfffft, think you forgot about the Oscar winner, After earth.
I wonder what your opponent's clan's acronym stands for
Of course it doesnt but dont get in the way with your facts
Real talk though, I saw him when he opened for NIN and he was solid
Holy shit, he was one of my favorites
Because Rookie is a mid laner, duh!
I love you, you are amazing.
But does he stand for the national anthem?
Haha for me it's when I'm working and someone walks up behind me as I'm silently shouting at someone or I'm super frustrated so they see me angry laughing
Explain to non-military folks
Google your question
Wall Street Exec Wilson?
I mean, it happened with pre-ordering bad games.
They misspelled "wimmens"
These four play off each other so well haha
man you're obviously right, the Clippers are the trashiest team in the NBA like they suck so much they lose to everyone
messi neymar suarez bale benzema or ronaldo maybe even griezman
yeah, 1-40 fine, but at some point it's too much
Or being tortured somewhere
Yeah just like no one can afford home and auto.
I bet your pharmacist just loves you
What natures are the Froakies btw?
Remember, you can't be racist without power!
Going to ruin the movie with this comment: [It's CGI when all the wrinkles mysteriously disappear from the clothing]
Well... I was wrong.
Yes, Looking out of a hospital window at a construction sight is very dangerous.
You're hired.
Rawr must downvote!
Other than the fact that she repeatedly states she feels strange about potentially doing this?
You can almost see the alien spacestation
I doubt this prompts Shardless to run Vial.
We should have a heartbeat monitor app on our computer as well that allows BPM to be displayed through the StatTrack.
What about when the headbangers did it on Smackdown?
Why?
Surely there's no Western country where that would ever happen, right?
You don't understand, women's genitals are perfect and don't need altering and altering them is 100 million times worse than circumcision because reasons.
Read in Hank Hill's voice.
There was that screen melting prank that Nick pulled on taran on ltt
Fucking furfag
ty a lot
supremacist
It was popular for the other thousands of years that America wasn't a thing but I guess those aren't as important
Yeah, but can he hold?
Sometimes the undercarriage needs a bit of warmth and protection from the wind.
skipped, please read rules until the end!
went 5-5 and got plat 1 from diamond 5 LOL
PC?
just like the modding api?
No, my mates prefer to ban Garen and watch me get dumpstered by Darius.
How about you ask him in person at a show?
But wait, I thought liberals were the intolerant violent ones?
Why do all non millennials generalize millennials..
I think I saw this in Power Rangers with my older brother once.
No, I didn't misunderstand you, I was just adding to the discussion about the use and misuse of CI.
My son screeched from about 18 weeks to 22 weeks, then he moved on to fake sneezing and this gasping sound which while annoying is not nearly as bad as screeching!
Now you need an 8-ball eye reduction feature
Its the THEORY of gravity, silly libtards!
Yeah, nobody likes Led Zeppelin.
Quoting Twitter?
Just so you know, doing that and putting them in a nice album would be a really thoughtful gift.
can't find on the site if this is US only ?
The deep humour only some will appreciate' I love the creative humour of hariyana govt.
My entire family was killed by a post-match thread so I report each one.
We zijn allemaal gelijk, maar wij zijn net iets gelijker dan die mensen.
Cmon guys, look at the bright side, at least it isn't a 2-day maintenance like brave frontier in the past (November 2014, never forget) :D, definitely a step-up.
Yeah but scientists are motivated by grant money, so both sides are the same.
For his price I have no idea why the Redskins didn't at least match the offer
Fuck dallas
At the very least he has contributed a cringeworthy copypasta for us...
I can do this too but girls only go after Chad who can't fix hair shit
I've never heard you "have" to cover it.... why would you?
you shoove it to your ass
According to a lot of comments on this sub lately, masters is a scrub tier now.
In other news: Water is wet.
Fucking campers.
no reason to use tor or tails as long as you use swim
Except NONE of the 35mm film contains any special effects, cut sequences or editing done in post (not to mention SMPTE or any other AV sync operations embedded in the VT master...) They would also still need to review the downscaled broadcast output to establish a baseline for timing consistency, color accuracy and gamut, when remastering an analog source to digital.
A chauffeur and beer.
Wait, there's a story?
Spotted an anti national who doesn't want to pay his taxes
I upvoted you because you were bold enough not use
Build a wall and make the rising oceans pay for it?
I knew I hated him
Run the VM on AWS, just to fuck with them.
I guess we won't be able to tell until after the second Super Bowl win.
Probably because the Bible does have some really good points, and honestly your life could be a lot better if you just accepted Jesus Christ as your Lord and Saviour.
The soundtrack is by the same guy who made Hamilton, of course it's amazing!
MAKE HALO GREAT AGAIN
Trade A-Rod for Capps, trade Capps for Giolito when the Nats need to do something to avoid another Divisional round exit
Who are they?
Video wouldn't load for me, even while logged into OneDrive.
Any guy calls me an oompa loopa I swoon
Maybe he'll pass for another TD.
As it should be
This is good, another another bunch looking into the problem is exactly the measures we need
And can you imagine that is just their floor model, I wonder what the Sports package comes with
You mean to say this is your cyser pre-pitch
I'm all for it.
just make sure u go 100 percent with the burial, on those crime shows ppl get caught because they get lazy and only bury them like 4 feet down lol
There is one: Project+ for TPV1.
ITT: The Electoral College
That 2014 "Patriots Run The East" shirt is dope as fuck.
Now they can get dumpstered out of two qualifiers
Chicago is called The Second City cause the first one burned down.
Dropped this
Did he say when he's gonna stop hoarding all the hatchimals for himself?
Handicap
Also, Zemo purposefully allows the hotel worker to discover the doctor's body, so Tony can find out his identity.
The earth is flat.
Scientists need to fake data so it will be more balanced!
An alligator isn't very likely to be armed though and its quite predictable.
kek did you not see the
I've been accused of BM by saying hello before turn 1 so yes
TIL: that's how coin purses are made.
I'll join a fellow sooner on this, I bet he still gets a good job.
You're forgetting, there is no binary...
PERVERT!
Look at this fatcat and his daily "eating".
Just don't leave it on overnight pointed at your face
I'm vehemently against it, though I'm having difficulty deciding on the appropriate penalty.
Not perfectly looped from replay 7/10
Yeah it's called custom games yo!
HEY MODS THIS MAN IS ASKING FOR AN INJURY
I don't have kids, but he certainly has changed my opinions on punishing children.
I like my heroes not dead.
No he's not...he was never in politics so he's unestablisment.
"I just thought you looked like you had just too much free time, so I thought you'd want some extra responsibility."
Internet in my area.... Charter is the only option
But Rochester has Wegman's so it's a better place to live than Albany by default
FUCK you
Must be one of them 4Chan hackers
My old wrestling coach wears this frequently.
Broken, should be at least 3 mana.
"Switch to another AV" seems like sound advice.
I believe it is one sign in per student card/alumni card.
but they make that waterproof stuff
Ahhhh this is the perfect example of why I LOVE this subreddit
;
I might have saved them, thanks hydrogen peroxide!
I'm not a vet but that's what I was trying to say, thanks
me too thanks
I used to not walk on the tile in Walmart, because I was convinced that there were alligators under the floor.
The packaging fairies?
should have got a 6950x
Well Steve, I think were gonna need an official review on that play to see how the hell he did that.
Fake Mexicans are a threat to democracy.
It requires a large degree of cognitive fluidity to blame an opposition party for the action of a majority Government passing legislation
Haha!
Get rid of the old men, then pick up the Dwinosaur!
I do that every night, AND get the whole pizza for myself because I'm forever alone.
He's clearly a racist
It's like Jesus said: "And thus he spoke unto them: Mind not what follows from your deed or words, for the Lord Himself will right all that is wrong."
TIL I forgot to say *no homo* for years when using a roll on.
IT-101 is very daunting
It said it along the top too...
Through an agent is my best bet because they most likely already keep in touch with all these stores.
Sure thing, I'll just do that while funding myself with my money tree that I happened to invent.
The .mkv virus strikes again I see.
You're fired.
You will need a Windows store copy
Maybe Theo could trade them Lackey for him at mid season next year?
Yeah the wealth of powerful, free tools and being a first-class citizen in the automation space is sure a real drag for us sysadmins, Windows 4 life!....
You forgot the
The last one they did was Waste Not for M15.
Wow OP, how did you get your first car wrong?
Artist is gureko rouman
Kimi is older than Jenson though.
360 carbine burst still wouldn't hit shit probably.
Earlier post by mango is just pure data, a lot of stuff on jedipedia is vague speculation.
True, I suppose the consistent shift to a more aggro meta is why it sees less play (alongside increased removal that just wipes it) It might see more use in a control deck I guess but few have the tools to protect it for any use and it just requires too many specific variables.
Yeah all the people who swam in it died
This is a dead meme, let it die already pls
It's all protein baby.
u
Yeah but now you're threatening to walk out on your super friends by electing a climate change denying orangutan.
We've known that for a while now
That poor, poor woman.
The real solution is to demolish the "City Roads' sign and expand the right side of the diagram to 6 lanes as well, right?
Solving social problems using technology - what could go wrong?
Run CSGO on 1024x768 everything low and look down in a corner
OK going to have to ask the first basic IT question just to be sure: Have you rebooted the phone?
Like I check this sub now and again, but this is a new low.
Solo-Slefound
Manlets aren't people
No, I don't know whether it does, sorry.
Fuck science go Jesus
I think that's the joke, 6 inches are shorter than 6 feet .
Yes i tried another pci slot, but the beep kept goin on, i can send a pic of the inside of my pc if you want maybe it will help identifying the problem
[NIV] James 3:16: For where you have envy and selfish ambition, there you find disorder and every evil practice.
I'm not a racist, but fuck russians
I believe you have to win 5 World Championships for that
Awesome, can't wait to park in the ugly ass surface lot that will replace it
You shouldn't post that information in public!
It's just some of that "fake news" the "Lame Scream" media was peddling
Legislate a random number generator somewhere in the self-driving software!
I'm sure Turkey will love this.
PC Building.
Big ass can of Arizona Ice Tea sounds awesone
I can't understand how Hillary Clinton lost the election, what, with her supporters having such great ideas as this.
Storm the beaches and collect for scientific studies?
42 Wallaby way Sidney
so glad I traded him for Martin months ago
Can't install extensions in the browser at work.
Dogepool
THIS IS WHY TRUMP WON LIBTARD
sry
Damn, he's old
Awesome I now have a 10gb ssd
Seems like a great idea
Don't worry about t some random guy in line at the secret shop hooked my up
Campfire Headphase and Trans Canada are my favorite listens while driving.
Nice
15 million seems to be the right number to be all Brits but who knows.
They're selling like hot-cakes, better get yourself a $1m mortgage before they're all gone!
Well - they were offended by something very minor and taken completely out of context - but at least they followed the appropriate procedure and called the CBC.
Yea, lets all use the Grammys to gauge good hip hop
80 dmg is only 2 BF swords, no change at all
Panic sell dragon bones.
STILL IS
I take it I'm not the only one?
You are right, at 8" full grown 12*12*18 is just too small.
Docking requested
That's a white supremacy symbol
Thanks!
No I just wear this to look cool
I can haz prezident?
Mentions the word race: This definitely they make the implication all republicans are racist!
because was being completely serious
Wow, that's neat
Yes because it is very very hard and exhausting to hold down the mousebutton at teammates.
it's what I'm using w/PN 7.1.1
Nah, they both look huge in his tiny hands
Twentyies
Would you rather be 3-2 with Dixon and Smallwood, or 0-4 with Miller, Gore, and Riddick?
bet it was pre recorded
Lol, you forgot your
Just don't poison the punch bowl more then you have.
but american jobs
Tone it down over there you roudy old timer, you're probably invading someone's safe space.
They got hoodwinked too.
Has Breitbart ever reported in how Trump hired a lobbyist for Saudi Arabia, Putin, various dictatorships to run his canpaign....that guy's name was Paul Manafort
Kindergarden
Because, seeing a child naked is just wrong man.
Why has this been on my front page for a week?
Just add The Curator and a Brewmaster to your list.
if everybody is ignorant, then no one is.
Yep, it is.
Dispel, aspirant, backlash, recruit, some number of daggers... how much space do you need?
That's what I was thinking... By the looks of it you could flush golf balls down this thing.
That Nike ad placement though at the end
I have to have an investment property or how else can I get someone to pay for my loans?
I wonder how often he accidentally sets fire to the card and has to start over again.
Thx bro.
Mate haven't you heard, only Barcelona players don't pay taxes.
Nice
... I distinctly remember a bubble bursting that caused 80% of the thousand-plus employee company I was part of at the time to be laid off, so I'll just assume you forgot this:
Religion in a nutshell
Oh how I wish I was 12 again ...
The sparring videos were from very early in his training, he'll be a lot further along now.
Apples are fruit ....
I am so ready to go to Mars.
Wow, summer camp must've been really hard on you, man.
What do you even call 16-motor multicopter?
Lawyer up and boop the doggo
But, but, *Pizzagate*
Mine was a joke of course, probably should have added
You forgot your
yes.
they were all actually black, history class has been lying to you stay woke
Anyone have a link to the remix at the end?
wow I can't believe this happened, no one expected this at all!
Flip them off physically, not verbally (over the phone.)
Holy shit this is not speaking only for it.
Why would the CIA spread false information ?
thats efficient for DeMar DeFrozan
Little Big Planet lol
If you find out what the first part was you can tell its just the sequel
Where was Bravo when the ball crossed the line again?
big
Now you look cool while whiffing
...because the difference(**S**) between "Earth" and "the Serengeti" are about the same as the differences between Earth and Mars, or is it for some other reason that you accidentally omitted?
C'mon bro Nelly and Tim McGraw is legendary.
Laideeiguessilikepurple era mai potrivit zic eu...
I don't understand why you're beinghateful and rude to me, Merry Christmas tho.
Fold the franchise.
Oban?
Harambe inspring Muklas champion + gang up
Do they ever seriously look themselves in the mirror and say "are we the baddies"?
At least it didn't give up on worker ownership and transition into state capitalism
Your username makes you a double-minority.
I'm Reporting this Subreddit For SEXUAL Content.
I did it for &lt; 400k
He kinda looks like the blue alien from Star Wars cantina with big red eyes.
thats a strange named photon
Pero tranquilo chico, los vendieron baraticos
How else will Mirage be of any use?
No way she was 76!
Because there are no known quality issues with the gtx 650m.
Fucking liberal cucks.
Likewise theres blond bluend rond grond and bland
Rich bastards!
Relevant username?
I never knew he had more runs than Shane Watson?
I saw it yesterday :( This is so sad
Of course it has and did.
I didn't get to see the video and I'm sad.
Get out of here with your common sense troll
The way things have been going they will probably "simplify" all existing plans by forcing everyone over to unlimited and next they will announce a price increase
Asia is just one big happy family!
Or in OPs case, not a tiling wm apparently
But but... Russia WROTE the Podesta emails!
Quick, someone mention a shitty celebrity nobody likes!
And they all voted for Trump
Carwin undoubtedly has huge power, even for a heavyweight, but allot of the reason he was able to send the guy flying was the massive size difference.
I guess I should have added a
yeah who'd do that
Well thats because she let God know she was coming......
Well, they have to be completely sure nothing gets in the way of Putin's rise to power.
So it's a Jewish neighborhood?
Did you just call Castro "evil"?
Rhetorical/loaded question.
Obama was literally Hitler.
Yes
Nah if I told him he was a total fucking retard then maybe you'd be right.
Where do I sign up
Because that's not creepy
One of my thumbs bands back, but one has a bone or something in the way.
Chainsaw and letting people go... This sounds like its aimed at me
Glitter glue is a good one, shiny but not messy !
because Pellegrini did so well and was sacked so soon
Here, you dropped this.
Maybe his parents should by Tara a new phone and backpack since OP's was stolen from him.
islamist apologists are so delightful we are all just racists everyone it's very modern to marry children or for rapists to marry their victims
The Russians wouldn't let Hillary campaign in those states.
Here, you forgot this:
A brother named Panther and his Sister Leopard
She plays CoD bro, truly a real gamer
What an inspiring evangelist, probably going to win many souls for Christ through this technique
no ty
Thank fuck
I must point out that from a purely linguistic point of view, never_listens is perfectly correct to call this an "eviction", no matter how much you disagree.
You should post this on r/psychology.
I take PW to beacause I want to be innovative and have critical thinking.
1% cause margin of errors
Gumshoe is too much of a cinnamon roll for that D:&lt;
Can I buy a vowel
cutest jerks ever
I guess perfect just isn't an appeal?
Or you just, you know... Use the EV reducing berries that you can farm hundreds of every 24 hours.
It is icefrog's master plan to steal players from other games.
They're called snow tires for a reason duh
From many angry message board rants?
More like Zeka am I right?
Then dont get eliminated from the group stage
They must air drop in, log and all, at the beginning of each round.
*speckled
There will be jobs........building a wall.
lol.. no.
Yes, but it can get better too.
Bryan Walters, right?
As a Redskins and Capitals fan, I have no positives to take from this year
You're trying too hard mate.
Breaker of candy wrappers
Out for the season
Well maybe if they turned out to fucking vote in 2010 and 2014 instead of just the elections the tea Party wouldn't have gained control of the Senate and the house, but no they were too lazy to get out of bed to take half an hour of their time to vote.
UGH I can't believe he didn't even mention the Best Album Notes and Best Choral Performance categories
You're going to be sad and alone if you keep thinking like this and you will have nobody to blame but yourself.
I think this is mildly interesting.
If you deny this being a work of art then you do not
Men are more likely to be pedophiles than women so men shouldn't be allowed near children
But being zapped by a stormcaller not even looking at you while your in the air doesnt infuriate you at all lol.
After 3 years infecting the government, our reality-show President will be able to put on such a stage-crafted spectacle of governance during his re-election campaign that he'll win with 60% of the vote -- that is, if he doesn't go all-out and throw his opponent in Guantanamo, and order his victory to stand at the standard dictatorial 97%.
you sure?
Learn how to make one.
DUDE IT IS BETA WTF DO U WANT MAN BE HAPPU THE GAME IS SO GOOD AND CHEAP
Poor guy it must be hard making 19 million instead of 20
WE NEED TO BUILD A WALL AND MAKE THEM PAY FOR IT
Telling teenagers that shaving makes hair grow back faster will, however, lead to them shaving off their embarassing pseudobeards.
I definitely second North Sea Texas/Jongens
If we put it to a vote can we unite under Apollo?
My plan is to pick up a refurb Air 13" and get a 2nd gen iPad Pro when they come out next year.
Clearly it's because they're producing vanilla and not saffron.
Let's see how you feel after 2 weeks.
As a Muslim, this is heartwarming.
yep im on 7 out of 22
*I'm so scared guys*
"We ain't come to play SCHOOL, classes are POINTLESS" -Definitely a starting QB Marv would be proud of
Obviousl McCain is on the take and enjoys cheese pizza and ping pong.
Dye it the ugliest shade of green-brown you can find.
He's definitely not a puppet though.
BS will finally be balanced then.
I think you dropped a
Not sure what you mean.
Already?
For those of us so inclined, do you have a link to a tutorial on how you did this?
That's the negative ned conservative way of doing things.
The plot thickens...
Yeah she has so much to lose...
Did Jesus condom survive a killing curse?
I...what.
This is why Trump won...
Okay, my mind went to halo here, was confused by the prequel conversation.
Oohhhh don't double charge me
Is it that time already?
Yeah, let's just pretend everyone is perfect the way they are and never strive to be better or more attractive.
I love Tehd.
what's the official website for that app?
This basically, I can fire a couple of lose shot at the enemy with my sniper and they probably won't peek out from cover cus a sniper shot is always high damage, if you fire lose shots with any other weapon the enemy knows they can take a bullet or 2 so the chance they pop up and return fire is higher TL;DR: snipers are the best weapons to suppress the enemy
thats what happens when you freelance
Saint Etienne
According to the bot problem in L2, yes they would and they do ignore a bot problem
Because your ancestors never dealt with slavery!
Killdozer for president
Oh my sweet summer child
But.... that's a really good card.
Yet the Browns haven't one a single game since they traded for him... Checkmate.
No CC no Signup no Bullshit
Please line up at counter 2 to collect your medal.
You forgot the
Like the combine freddy i saw yesterday?
He's all alone?
Are you implying that some of the Wikileaks hackers are Russian?
You Beer snobs are insufferable
Then they'll dominate those industries, as employers hire them more and more.
Nobody talks to Guam without our permission!
They sleepin on Me7o
Best is probably an attack boosting Nature like Adamant.
I'm sad but I can be almost sure it's sometimes happening
Does a bear wear a funny hat?
Shouldn't this be used to establish the prices of the RL marketplace?
Shinchan.
Le tits Xd
If I didn't need to use their device and could just play it on any damn device I own (Android box, iPhone, PC) I'd be into it.
For me, if I was carrying my husbands child, it would be a real blow to the chest for him to hold on to the stance that his life would still be pretty good without us, and that we're not just as important as a member of his family essentially.
Elliott to the 5 confirmed.
Lol omg he should be in trouble
I guess because she's an attractive woman her views must be more accurate.
Yeah I agree 100%
I will try that, thank you!
Nice
Yeah, basically the same thing Trump would have done.
That would be the most reasonable thing I guess, good call.
I don't really agree..... It's the damn Jews doing all this!
Yup, the commie forced Hillary to not campaign to the proletariat in the fly over states.
Thats what I heard
I think it's already be included in some attack ads on Hillary by non-Trump campaign ads.
Everyone knows life is binary
May as well switch to your knife!
To be fair, sometimes it won't quite go into gear
So entirely possible
I'm on 68 with Edelman too play and 27 of my points are from gano (k) and Philadelphia
I saw a soldier in the rocks.
In a few decades, once it starts to affect them, they will blame climate change on liberals.
Duh, everyone knows that being skinny isnt magic... its genetic
r/gonewildstories
Because it's the only thing close to "deregulation" they can use to pin the blame on the free market.
Maogmang Pagkamundag, have a wonderful time :)
BRUTALITY!
During the election, on Twitter, you could feel the wave of russian twitter activits coming in for their morning shift.
Karius to score 96th minute overhead kick to win 1-0 on Wednesday can't wait
So they're basically the anti-Showbread?
U know it's gonna be good when the time stamp is backwards...
As it fucking should be.
Put all your savings into stocks since it's bound to work ;)
... you don't say...
Haven't heard that one before
Whatever you do, don't ever think to blame yourself.
"Went to 7-11 for some wine" Why don't your slap your host across the face and pour 4loko on his dog, it'll be cheaper
What's the point of lying for political ends?
Racism won't be over until all whites are in chains or dead.
Thank goodness Obama and Hillary are bringing more folks with this mindset into the US
the usual way of getting a safety
Nah, I miss Jeff Ward
All their losses are on lan, fking onliners
Well, that doesn't smell of stalker vibes at all.
Look at how sketchy Omar's dad's past is though.
So now we have the No Fun League and the Major League Buzzkills.
No, the Charles in the obituary link.
That's because it is, OP is a lier.
No Man's Sky
get you and your cowardly french logic out of here
Nah man, all female villains should be bisexual sluts who are just an arc away from redemption into anti-hero status at any given moment.
FAME might mean fuck all my enemies but all I can think of is the Lady Gaga album, maybe she's a fan?
Customers.
Where's the chief wahoo when you need him
#lol intakes in space
I wish you could customize it however you want with any color config ://
Well, hes got better friends than you do...
True, but then again if you're running around your enemy's jungle, you have two buffs specifically catered to keeping you safe in the form if wolf/raptor smite, which realistically are the only ones you should need [unless your sacrifice takes a significant chunk of HP/MP].
aapcares was trending last tym I saw on Twitter
They do care about the new emojis though.
And you're not a douche
Yeah after I said this I remembered Andrew Jackson probably would've been a better choice.
Walking is for plebs like Palkia and Dialga.
Well, he's from Kansas, so his vote probably is
I thought China wasn't into commitment?
I vaguely remember a few years back, kids decided to video themselves on the highway doing some high-speed racing and got charged for it.
B-but if you don't use machines, how is the politician's friend who owns the machine company supposed to make any money?
We totally cannot allow a democratically ellected human to be our president!
What is it?
It loomks like Miss Busybody from Lazytown..
Total system QB
But squids don't ride Harley's, how can it be leaking?
It's the name of an achievement.
F
Can someone translate what Suarez said at the end ?
It comes from French and Latin so that means it's right.
How about he gets busted down a notch or two, is forced to retire, spends the next 10 years or so in prison while his wife divorces him and takes the pension?
I think we're onto something here guys!
Looks like this is back to $349.99 at Amazon and BestBuy
it was shared with me - I've seen some of this elsewhere and I am assuming none of it is top secret and figured the sub would be interested.
Engineer- I'm better than you, and I know it.
Check your privilege
She'd also be paying twice as much for car insurance here...
shut up console peasant.
Can confirm, did not play them old games, still understand the gif.
I thought it was all satire
Be careful, SP might see this as a sign that we want more dream fillers
I can't believe you won't follow your parents wishes, you harlot.
Stop mansplaining!
Cyclists *are* protected by the crumple zones on the other cars though....
How am I supposed to make money off of my Exxon stock if we start using renewables?
I enjoyed IB this time around.
I'm glad he's safely tucked away on the bench of a team that didn't even make the playoffs
"It doesn't look like anything to me."
Eh, I give it a D+
Yes, you freeze them with liquid nitrogen to make them harder, because hardness obviously equals strength.
Oh you are so mysterious and unique, can I please please please be your apprentice in the ways of the arcane o' grand old wizard?
r/titlegore
Rene Bourque probably
It's on Youtube!
I think you forgot the
Yes, yes, but she's white and has big tits, so she can't possibly be a good role model.
Not to mention how we all wished Tom Bombadil was back in the movies!
Really?
HEY STOP BEING SUCH A DINGUS BOY-O IM HELPING OUT MY FELLOW RIVEN PLAYERS IN A NICE AND FUN ENVIRONMENT DEVOID OF SALT AND TOXICITY
League of Legends reference to Nunu, a champion.
yay when i can order my giant panda coat?
You realize the marketed MWR as staying as close to CoD4 as possible, then blatantly lied and slapped microtransactions in there for the sake of profits?
Jimmy Eat World - Hear You Me
Access to water gives them a way on and off the island, so it makes sense that people would be there, although maybe it isn't a great location for the capital
Time to buy pokeballs with coins and earn Niantic a lot of money!
but but but da fees ... and you have to wait sometimes 12 hours before you get your coffe.
So many lives will be saved with this junk off the streets.
I mean, it worked for Obama
You mean there is a supply and demand dynamic involved in the pricing, unlike with taxis?
Maybe they could break them up into a series of tweets or have Alex Jones read them out on his radio station.
Because it's cliche and overused now.
Nah they are race traitors and uncle toms who are selling out their kind to the white man.
I'm glad the basketball expert in Jay Z shared his opinions on the Phil Jackson drama.. very insightful and he seems very knowledgeable on the topic..
...and I'm sure those experts would be completely non-partisan.
Because this is the quality content that the front page of this sub thrives on
Gotta appeal to the e-sports crowd
god bless DonGlover
Whew, good to know as I was only pulling it down maybe 3/4 of the way because I needed to land quickly but didn't want it to come falling out of the sky!
2jz-gte
Basically if you really really really can't get sex find another way to be happy.
Deserved it.
Why this is front page?
AA who?
Have you tried men?
Yeah, summer there is much more harsh than in the mediterranean...I understand
To be fair, if we as humans are simply content with what we have, we would still be living in wooden huts.
ITT
Well, problem solved, I want this guy as our coach
well looks like we hugged it to death...
Thanks :3 I kinda felt bad for not posting in so long and I wanted to this for awhile x-x pent up feelings from work and holidays lol... yay.
Isn't it a fact?
Haven't they said in interviews that the roster is already set?
From what I understand, having an undiagnosed illness makes you more interesting.
Pizzagate is real and the lamestream media is doing its usual coverup
As a northerner, good manners and hospitality are not unique to the South.
Hey when does the narwhal bacon
Darn leftists..
yeah fuck J4, he has a knockup, a long range dash, a lockdown, a shield, a slow, %hp based attacks, armor shred, cc immunity, what were they thinking
I've been really enjoying scream "dont respawn" at people while frantically running towards them as well
ITT: I really don't see how a bunch of hopeless people worrying about dying is going to affect me
Catcher had a mini panic attack thinking, "Fuck, did I I not actually just see the ball foul off?!?"
did he swallow?
Oh damn, I'm suuuurre this happened, I mean what "Marine" that is "18" would possibly lie about something like this On another note, the details a just so....
Most played : Urgot I wonder which one of us is the most hated.
point defense drone, it blocks enemy projectiles.
Learned this the hard way.
Frank Underwood from the hit Netflix series 'House of Cards.'
Can u help me :/
GOT EEM
I would have preferred breaking into his house and assassinating the little bastard himself
looks balanced
What kind of things do you guys bake?
Did the same until I started therapy, would definitely recommend, otherwise I'm here for you
Ask George Soros.
Even better
No no, see the above comment!
But Civ V was Indonesian Civilization instead of Malay/Java Civilization
What's an anit trust?
TMW zeru gate not out yet so you piss no one off yet
Honestly you can't compare apples and "oranges"
Because graveyard hate isn't allowed in standard
hehe, my bad, thanks
Yeah, I'm sure the guys that get paid to assault and extort people are as just as innocent as who they assault and extort.
Hi Emil
Tbh, his label probably told him to call them peasants
Oh, God, I have it, too!
And, they made the mic purple when Prince came up.
Ignore the shady bloke in the corner on Pornhub.
Pendragon did nothing wrong
What do incels named Chad do when confronted with the reality that the guy their fellow incels hate is named Chad?
How original.
Per anni ho fatto colazione in compagnia del terzo reich, AMA.
SWIPING YOUR CREDITCARD /thread
Cropping 5/7
needs
:'|
Wade is so overrated that he's basically invisible on the floor for the Heat this year.
Because year 1 is the best one obviously
Yea, theres no way he would be prepared for a question about Flint's water crisis during the Flint townhall without a heads up.
It wasn't available in most countries tbh, but who cares if you don't live in NA, Germany, France, UK and few others...
Oh yeah, I guess I was too stoned and missed the part where my state legalized
I assume this means for the police as well.
I'm shocked!
No u have to throw away ur brushes each time u use them don't be discusting
Yeah just like how you're not cheating now
You are so overly sensitive and you cant take a joke!
for us to make Jew jokes we are anti Semitic nazis, but for them they are just shining light on the oppression of Palestinians
I threw up a little
Its just like the satanic child-abusing daycare centers from the 80's.
No it doesn't mean that at all.
Some detective is matching up and analyzing butt cracks as we speak.
Yeah, that's so obviously a surname (Son of Harry) that it's just weird reading it.
And how did you come up with this statement after reading the article?
Drink lots of water but you will figure that out on your own :)
Yeah I'd love a book of just 300 pages of the Emperor looking at test tubes
From what i've read in TWOIAF, anything east of Qarth/Dothraki Sea.
Gonna do this with RG then drop to 2900 and stay there forever thanks for the idea!
Sockskacouldn't live with himself after stunning the boar I guess.
I seem to have a stroke anytime I say "okay Google", but not "hey Google".
What a little douche bag.
Italiano, latino, they're practically anagrams
Me too tanks
Yea they should probably nerf the defenders more, win rates have been too high since the semi auto nerf
Fuck, he found it - now I gotta put another one
Dang, he sounds like a real winner!
15+15=32
Something else.
Can't be reporting fake news!
I thought Hendrick's gift to Bowman would be the 5 car
This is going to make the community very happy!
Problem is though she is a woman.
The fire looks cool but, I'm concerned for you
"I'm a ppe"
Because Americans are slutty, haven't you ever seen the documentary "Girls Gone Wild"?
If you only workout your legs once a month you don't have to worry about slow leg recovery.
Besides amazing perfectly cooked steaks, the time savings alone is pretty much worth buying a sous vide circulator.
Was about to order AMD, but switching to Nvidia now.
Could you recommend some?
DC flipped Henderson *higher* tho, so it cancels out!
Some sort of "The hills have eyes" easter egg?
Rangers 94 cup
Pretty sure I could attempt it with my eyes closed!
Right?
We are such a progressive country
I've always thought that Mg alloy was nice and light - but also quite brittle.
Why'd they have to make it a black male?
Certain factions, yes.
Apparently they're providing details of every transaction in the past few years to the IRS.
When friends treat you like that you deserve it.
I was thinking Basil Hayden's and Bakers represent great value
Hey customer is always right!
Yeah, no black men voted for Trump, that's ridiculous
YOU LOOK LIKE A FUCKING BADASS NUFFSAID
It's close enough to Shillary so might as well make it a misogynist term
You don't need to know OSPF but you need to be aware that it exists and you need to understand basic AD/Metrics.
I am disappointed in the lack of Lennys
What's the FYI stand for?
Yep, they are going to get a huge award for this, right?
I'm telling you, this could all be a dream (The entire Reddit gets triggered)
Well, duh, it's got the word hero in it.
Maybe they ordered copper plate and laser cut it....
wag lang gawing habit, kasi mahirap ma digest ang bubble gum
Fuck yeah love a good civil war
I'm a woman but amber smells very feminine
On your computer you can see if every student is logged in to ensure they are on task
and how it was truly tragic or something like that
Any idiot can claim to be smarter than everybody else, but I actually *am* smarter than everybody else.
But this is a story only game, it's casual, and you get to play story over and over again, why does gear matter?
but michigan is a voter ID state, voter ID is supposed to prevent voter fraud.
I often drive through Chalmers and I always chuckle at the "Meth Watch" sign located directly behind the "Welcome to Chalmers" sign.
Aw man OP you didn't deliver
Oh shit I thought it was a Ray Lewis joke
I love Bruce Lee
Death by horizontal boring machine.
Brb, gotta consult the hivemind before I reply.
someone forgot the
I would buy it tomorrow (It's 11:14pm here)
Asking the mod's to do something new on this sub....Oh mate ur walking the thin line of getting a 5 day ban.
Really, that's the least questionable thing about that skin
Fuck hundreds of years of work in human rights to make sure that if someone is wrongfully convicted and evidence comes up disproving his giult later, we can undo it amirite
You're a hero
Went out of stock now, while I was ordering.. fack
Only respring logos
YOU'RE WRONG AND STUPID FOR POSTING THAT BECAUSE...
Your explanation is illogical because it is against the Duterte-is-evil-narrative that international MSM is trying to sell to the world.
Clearly you've never played dark souls before
Ooh, they sure told that building what's up.
With "Duel of the Fates" playing in the background, Palpatine casually strolls through the grounds and castle, killing everyone in his path, laughing evilly, and claiming the place as property of the Galactic Empire.
And?
How does it feel to always stand by your principles in a country such as philippines, with citizens such as ours?
That BIG bias
Because that work so well in Mexico against drug cartels.
These are "isolated incidents"
For the greater good
He's tired and sick of your shit
lol maybe you shouldn't watch that stuff then
That *thing* is Yukino Yukinoshita.
Oh yeah man, I remember how OP Butcher, Kharazim, Rexxar, Morales, Artanis, Cho'gall, Lunara, Greymane, Dehaka, Chromie, Medivh, Gul'dan, Auriel, Alarak and Varian were on release.
It's not a bug, it's a stealth nerf obviously
Yeah but Erik is overpowered, so it's fine
Ikr, heals and peeling ,both so shit, 5 assassin is the meta
Why can't you goddamn idiots see how well increasing globalization (and thereby CO2 emissions as well as every single other kind of pollution you can think of) is working out for the planet?
Just remember that there's no compulsion in religion and everyone will be fine.
Thank you for this sir
Idk walking fireball sounds kinda badass
But you can ignore the FBI and the director of national inelegance.
And that's why you've never been better off
That was **totally** on purpose...
I would like to know this too, and any replacements for verde because i dont have him :(
I figured it would help a newb like me as there are so many choices out there.
Says the guy from Serie Juve
Withholding aid has been successful in getting North Korea and Cuba to change their ways also.
Yea, we should have intelligence tests before we let people into the voting booth Because there's no way that could go wrong.
and have lower property taxes than their neighbors thx to Prop 13...
Feel the Bern
Not even riot cares about ranked teams
yes but those are COWS and cows are LESSER ANIMALS
He has a posse, better watch you back, pard.
I have an easy solution to this problem and it involves not doing shit that would tank your campaign if it came to light
So close
Must be inconvenient having all the continents under 5 inches of water
I didn't realize Laos was such an isolated island
Unfortunately we can't all know everything that's happening all the time like Donald
Ubisoft game testers make minimum wage, don't be too mad at them.
yes, they're called 'poor' or 'urban' or 'immigrants.
I thought you need to hit the ropes three times before it breaks?
Ahhh got to love business talk on Reddit.
damn i started watching during the comeback, i take full responsibility
I think many of his supporters are using him as an excuse to be racist and to shame Muslims and homosexuals.
Autosniper
dont worry, if this was real police brutality there are safe guards for that...
Or do the NF and receive motes of light
:|
Either people will be disgusted with him and leave, or they'll support him and you'll know where they stand.
Looks like quite the fun ride.
Shit dude you are making yourself look cheap, stop it already.
Now THIS is a good mem
Uhh... FALSE FLAG FALSE FLAG!
Well he's Snoke so we're already gonna get that
You must be a commie
Wasn't he just a liberal actor?
Middle Name: Cyber
Thanks, will have to take a look!
Is there any tweak so my phone won't break when k throw it?
tris1313347 391 hunter
They're doing an excellent job of spying
That Cham will get him way closer to his enigma.
If not even worse!
forgot
You're literally the only one.
Never give up I believe in you!
So where does this take place in the Re:Zero and ReLife timeline?
But my clearly superior team isn't performing exactly as I expected with an earth shattering fantasy score
Just put it on a hot plate!
Mate are you like 14
This has to be fake.
Helps when you don't have the football Grinch managing you
actually believe it or not coffee converts to meth when smoked
If your using chrome theres an extension called OneTab which compiles all the tabs in a window into a list of links.
A lot considering the early skirmish results and team comps.
im down i've tried to do this with people on reddit 3 times (shure sm7b 1080p camera) pm me
doesn't matter how many thousands or millions of lives you saved, at the end of the day it all boils down to your personality flaws
you forgot the
He clearly knows what he's talking about here too
Maybe we should get rid of line breaks too since they are unprintable characters.
Freeeedom!
Try returning it so that someone who actually wants it can buy it at a normal price.
To be fair - he want them to speak it, not to write.
The vacation is in a bunker.
pai nu au tratat-o cu sirop de Agave si unguent cu aloe ... au mers la spital ... de aia ... Daca ii dadeau niste Oscillococcinum ... homeopatic ... sigur ii trecea ... E o conspiratie a spitalelor
Look, Tim's just can't find Canadian workers, so they were forced, forced I tell you, to hire temporary foreign workers.
This comment doesn't make any sense, upvoted.
Yeah, but where's the apartheid and Palestinian concentration camps?
Tell that to his ~~cult members~~ voter base.
Calling them deplorable is why Trump won!
Are you the guy who made the Licensed Contractor is better than perkaholic video?
I'll try that, thanks!
Gather steps, he didnt have possesion of the ball
Rise up, when you livin' on your knees you rise up, tell your brother that he's gotta rise up, tell your sister that she's gotta rise up, when are these colonies gonna rise up...
Uber drivers can't strike when they aren't employees
Aren't unitarians pretty much what you just described?
Bring the I4 Derby to the MLS!
Last I checked titans don't get that perk
Would you consider the purple chaks and hypernova?
**ding ding ding** spend 2 million dollars on really fast public Wi-Fi and the problem takes care of itself.
Well you just taught me something lol
How about a rhymenocerous.
Yea great now my package was just thrown on the ground instead of on fire..
MAYBE THIS TIME THEY WILL TRY A NEW STRATEGY RATHER THAN CONTINUING TO DOUBLE DOWN ON THEIR OLD ONE HAHA RITE GUISE?
I presume he shared it cause it's Viz, which to my knowledge is the official translation.
Oh no that sounds horrible
That's expected, wonder if a new engine manufacturer will come before
Assume all cuck comments to be
BUFF NECRO WE NEED DEX NEXT
While you were busy with pretentious fuckwits, I was studying the Sturlusson.
Hating Matt Ward will.
How many times will the white apes chimp out before America wakes up?
Nah, it's not that bad.
As far as I know, rooting prevents you from getting OTA updates.
I don't think millennials need a news article to figure out they are getting screwed by this government.
do mains not read tooltips :/
Are you litteraly shaking now ?
Thank you Nintendo for forgetting that (most of) Canada and the entire Southeast US exists
Too easily faked, as we can see with OBUMMER
I posted this yesterday, where's my gold?
Best post here in months!
It would be too big a boost to life-based builds cuz you wouldnt have to roll seething on your flasks and can instead just roll the sextant mod
This is obviously shopped
Alright, what were you thinking when you asked.
Just another thing Apple isn't compatible with
No the real bigots are the people I don't approve that get mad when I firebomb their house
Looking like the wings/hawks in March but not sure yet.
Things that make you go "hmmmmm..."
It's a Hanukkah miracle!
Because he's gonna GeT fuCkInG REkt
Martin Shrekli's response: "This"
definition of shitload: 0.2%
I thought you typed Viola instead of voila and i was like "How could you fuck that up so bad???"
A sincere thank you to all who had a part in this.
But if they had been driving a lifted diesel truck with big tires that made lots of smoke they could have drive right out of the ditch without stopping.
I was thinking the same effing thing.
You're hilarious
u/thecalculatorman stop holding water for Putin
Nah, pretty sure that's Carolina.
A seahawk is like an erne, or a sea eagle, or osprey.
Did you just assume my grammar?
I'm so offended, how dare you!
Well, it *isn't* called a trap for nothing.
Game even had bullet drop before that became a prominent "feature" in games now.
Come one guys, it probably was just a clock
Any tech related outlet, no matter it's age or political distance or history, is inherently left and thus necessarily sjw.
TBH I work downtown and I ride my bike, but if I ever drive I park over around eighth.
Because he's smart
What an asshole.
sweeper pixel fire, loopers, white traheres (maybe cobalt veloces) for cobalt chakrams?
My husband cleans his beard trimmings and i don't use makeup, our sink is pretty tidy lol.
B... bu... but... the wage gap has been debunked by YouTube studies and Reddit posts, hasn't it?
As is Canadian tradition.
Wait, is this how religion survived evolution?
This should be posted in r/whoadude
I want Nick back on the show so bad, we only saw a mere glimpse of him on Koh Rong
One week, it's is 14 week boot camp, but it is a great experience, it is intense, but in just 5 days I've gone from no knowledge to making basic websites!
thanks :)
Not a good game until you Revoke by 1600
yeah but he didn't hit a lot of homeruns so there's no way
No, they revoked Gavin's access to the repo and never gave it back.
I don't know why I clicked :(
Yo today I found a planet of Mini T. Rex's I'll post later when I get home and upload to imgur
It depends, is it a Catholic child or a Protestant child?
...and he dropped.
That Link guy knows a lot of things, is he a good source ?
Full Censorship
Are you a Liverpool fan by any chance?
Because #1 was always the first to 99 the skill
What happened to everyone boycotting it
Implying Erdogan will even talk to non-muslim
Member berries.
Yeah man, fuck you and your *logic*.
Well, he's clearly an inner-city man ya know?
I hear those artillery shells weren't on duty thus the Russian government can't be held accountable for whatever they were doing on their free time.
You've been raptured!
Are the colors rightside up on this rainbow?
I'm certain you're only trying to help him!
Because there are only two sides..
Fuckin nerd
Haha, I'd love to open a tobacco shop and lounge, but I know nothing about starting a business
Agreed; looks are flashy and all but they aren't what keep me playing the game
Get boned.... Ooh look how mature I am
I'm guessing we'll get a short teaser at E3 2017 and a release in Fall 2018.
Who?
Might be an unpopular opinion, but I was happy Hila was in this video to bring some balance to the conversation since, while the video might be a bit much, it's not like this isn't a problem!
What's DDF I don't see any vendors matching that acronym in the list.
That sounds no different than the mystery brawl.
They'll obviously nerf call of the wild again!
It would also take away minutes from other developing players like Dario and Richaun (if he ever plays again).
Don't burst the bubble man , it was definitely drama don't you see
This totally makes up for all the terrorism
Goddammit now im crying.
EUW
People that use too many hyphens.
I'm getting regular xp in solo actually for some reason
Oh hey, Satan!
Shoulda
He's not the man women want...but, he's the man women Need.
Oh but what about New Day saying blackexcellence, that's racist
What do you think of the novel, To kill a mockingbird?
Seems legit!
HI
Good job censoring name
Thanks
We here agree, but that's not to say the org agrees also...
And to think they picked this guy over Kevin Durant....
disliked for lotll in shatters montage
Monte has charisma and certain kind of charm to him, I wouldn't say LS has either of those qualities.
Yes, classes that constitute prerequisites and are meant to weed out people always get curved so the average is the minimum grade needed not to get weeded out.
And it grabs the guys hand like it's about to struggle lol
You a word
check our your local library, they may have licenses of tax software you can use for free with a library card.
Critical trials are next.
Don't generalize like that you fucking racist
I think they have a problem remembering which country they're in since they go to some many different countries bombing them so they need the flags to remember they're in the US and not Syria.
You really do have deep rooted emotional issues don't you?
You should see the airfield around server restarts, it's usually 3 different groups fighting it out.
Yeah, he should post it on r/trees
Hmm someone seems to forget that they lost 6-3 earlier in the season.
He will grab the job right by the presidency
It probably is sadly
Clearly this is just them saving some space for the trade deadline
Ending net neutrality, getting rid of Dodd-Frank, overturning roe vs wade, creating a list of Muslims, creating a list of people working on climate science, ... but I'm sure things will be fine once he's in office.
But both sides should get equal coverage, as they both have valid points.
About 3.50$
Ahh G'day Mate
I thought Zeke wouldn't be all that good because I was young and stupid and we all make mistakes
If it doesn't go well, the public has to pay back their bonds with general revenue.
Uphold Marxist-Leninist-Oswaldist thought!
It does this all the time dude
Learn to use prnt screen
First KC post I've seen in a long ass time lol
No widow's wine?
It's so cute!
This totally builds their credibility in the Russian Hacking...
If you are starving to death close to me feel free to take a bite, we can eat each other smartly to make it last longer
No, i will cry and buy a shitty PS4pro with far less power as my PC and never think of the amazing Nintendo games
ya, that was a legit customer alright.
So unladylike.
This subreddit needs more quality posts like this.
He is fresco como una lechuga.
Did my top set of 145kg squats x5 without seeing stars this time
Hey bro I was joking - thanks for being such a solid poster
Yeah, usually they've built a wonder team by 2018 in my saves
Does Wisconsin have a high voter turnout rate?
Instead of pouring milk into my glass, I poured it onto my plate of meatloaf and Mac and cheese.
Dont worry Aminu is still injured wait till he gets back
H A C K E R M A N P U T I N
Demotivator: Water just goes to show you, given enough time, anything can wear you down.
"Once we get everyone fitted for 4K then it will be time for abandon it all because everything will be wireless."
Yup... that's the case for everyone , everywhere , too.
*I walk a lonely road, the only one I have ever known* *I waddle on, I waddle on*
Cx
The only black cat I ever owned was actually needy as fuck, but I'm with you on the Siamese-mix thing.
Must've been before the millions of illegals started voting.
Who the fuck spells mama like that?
So salty about getting PKed that he wants the guy's character to be fucked for life
You've met my wife then?
Pfft, global warming is such a scam, I'm freezing my ass off.
I get pussy pretty often thanks to my vote for Hillary!
I sincerely hope this is
Put it on your GOVCC
Yep because no one is an awful driver
Its not segregation, its cultural appropriation!
maybe thiere's gonna be a water arena at 4000?
I think you forgot the
As somebody that has gotten their perception of "feminists" excusively through TiA, I can tell you that you're completely wrong
Got an opponent "Dix out for Harambe"
To be honest, exporting latex to markdown is easy enough
We've been smeckledorfed!
Good thing he has 2 months, then
Well, the 4th, 8th, and 14th Amendments come to mind.
What a Populist!
The vegan options were: - Vegan bread (I brought it) - grapes - cherries Who else loves Christmas?
DRAIN THE SWAMP
Because everyone at NASA is American.
Actually only played you guys in the postseason once, but how many have the Cards won at Busch and how many have the cubs won at Busch?
He doesn't have a social security card for Roy!
You guys better watch "Red Dawn" to prepare for battle...
It seems like jornos nowadays would write any kind of article without doing basic Google search and assign click-bait titles just to attract more clicks/views.. Oculus needs to make a time machine instead
Who's the blonde on the far right?
Yeah
We got downvoted lol
They have bjergsen tho
"In bringing this settlement to a close, we are finally righting a wrong that has impacted the South River and the South Fork of the Shenandoah River for so many decades," Great job Governor I'm sure the 50 million (if they end up paying all that) will adequately cover all damages.
Oh Henry!
Good old consoles
Id imagine he is just doing it to pay for armed protection.
Almost exactly like the new Gambino album
Crazy
You're an exception, and exceptions confirm the rule!
601 G/ 139 A/ 13 D )))))
Seems like a pretty rumour-y rumour, but supposedly he wants Mike brought in to the front office group if Kyle takes a HC job.
At least the neighborhood isn't horrible.
Everyone knows that it's just because of all the chemtrails that started in 1980 - so don't bother making any effort to improve your life
Yep, to bad he ruined the joke.
Right because when I walk around rs3 I see 20 people splashing unlike osrs where everyone trains legit.
This Division *is* Warframe
yea my bad
Just fall back to b
*Totally* trustworthy after their 100% accurate pre-election election predictions!
Yeah because Fiora is so tanky
No.
I'll offer you $150 and you need to deliver it to me.
Yeah, they totally didn't act that way out of any legitimate fear for their safety or anything
Did you bring the toilet too?
Wait is he gay though
They're everywhere......
We're #1!
So if I'm single, does that mean I'm safe?
lol forgot to add
Yurps
0/10 no box logo
Awesome thanks!
I haven't experienced that sudden wake up from it.. But I've had a tab in my wallet that I've been waiting for the perfect moment to use, and my last 3 dreams all somehow incorporated me taking the tab in my wallet lol.
He had good coaching stats on FM 16 so why not?
Ducky's are solid boards, nice purchase
Well, obviously you need to use some sort of joke tag to make that clear
Now we don't even try to help.
Not everybody is as cultured as you
How dare you resist oppression and genocide on the land that we stole from you!
yeah some would but that reputation doesnt always help you
Giant
Says you, I'm a Kropotkinist-Bakuninist (Goldmanist tendency) why do you not support the Entente's struggle against German imperialism comrade?
Much wow, such useful... poe logic at its best, like the double "can not be knocked back" kaoms :)
At least the French supermarkets don't have fatmobiles, just sayin.
Because everybody knows the republicans are all angels.
Youre not supposed to mention number of hours
Now all my bases will have a shoddy looking sheet metal door instead of one that matches my base.
What was GT Marketing thinking by putting a gold out against another gold team?
No, Vector melted Hulk's skin off and Hulk just hit him with his remaining body.
That moment when the ground in the Giants-Lions game makes a better catch than our WRs can
I never realized how confusing it was when someone shows off a highlight but you have the same tag.
We just need a professional athlete to take a knee during the anthem in order to straighten this out.
Awesome... love my LGT Wagon... any more pics of your car?
Cute girl and fun dance, but terrible gif and terrible title :/
but if you DON'T save your money it's your own fault and deserve to live in poverty... I'm so confused, who do I listen to?
E is a family man straight up, kinda like your duggar-like QB with a quadrillion kids, E is probably less weird though
Repost, but still a nice concept.
that haven't been caused by humans
Don't worry workers, those jobs are coming back soon!
It looks so lonely.
Forgot the
Your definition of scarring is cringy, m9
Got any proof?
You could guide Santa through Hurricane Matthew
Time to become a back marker!
you forgot
There you go trying to force your own ideas of peace and mercy on another culture.
Women totally don't displace one's best friends from one's life
32-bit Office installs are always going to be limited to 2GB of address space anyways, doesn't matter how much RAM you have beyond about 4GB.
Dude, there's a post up there confirming this is fake.
"Be Very very quiet!"
Damn that makes those 2003 redskins so much more impressive to me
But what is the first responder has a kid that needs my organs?
Actually, the House would vote on the top 3 candidates, and that means that there is a chance that Bernie could still win!
Can't fault Ronaldo to be eager to start his coaching career when it looked like his playing career was over.
No no no don't you see, white people just have economic anxiety!
Nah bro you must have a binary position on things, how dare you see the nuances of a situation!
How about Joy-Cons that add more FLOPS?
No, that's not jump to conclusions
Not to mention The End Up and The Cat Club.
Last patch gave reduced recoil and increased fire rate to his rifle.
the hardest hitting 145'er
Eberle and Seth Jones are the best I have done.
Yeah, Huma Abedin would have been a better pick
FAKE NEWS
*has a 100 100
Dude you can do absolutely anything you want and break any rules as long as you won the game
Papa bless
Aftershock m series could be of ur interest.
It was not a foul
Still here!
Is there a sub for The Rock doing dope shit like this?
Ted Nugent and Steven Tyler both had underage "girlfriends" whose parents signed over parental rights, so it's all nice and legal.
Yes, you should just follow Russia Today.
Free speech, no matter how unpopular it might be is being censored because it is exactly that: unpopular
no no no, this is a cover shooter what are you talking about...
Wait, what time is that Eastern?
That's what I thought to I'm just repeated what gets thrown at me when I have this debate with some friends
Your mom made me grow, if you know what I'm saying.
They have such sad lives that only thing they do is to pay attention to the flairs...
I know this is said a lot on this sub but ugh, I just feel so bad for Amanda's girls.
It would definitely be a change :D
that's correct, there's no real way of me to show this unless it's in person
9x16 works perfectly for me
Clearly, Alex Jones is a shill for Putin.
Who could have possibly predicted this?
FO thread
That's a shame
Is this game boy color version?
Cause then it would be offensive,but this is fine
I'm sure people at a sit-down restaurant would be totally down to being served their food on a tray
Hey cool thanks!
How lewd
Hoping Ingram does well and I'll try to trade him next week.
This is from The Wolf of Wall Street if anyone was wondering.
it seems icelandic is supposed to look like that...
99% of the consumer base doesn't even know what a DAC is and when they want "great sound" they buy "Beats by Dre".
Because it has to be a series in order to be cool!
He sent divorce papers to her while she was undergoing cancer treatments, I believe.
But hey at least Donald trump tweeted about it so that's great right
But I thought bigger was better?
Well that's not nice.
report everyone just incase they leave
So...making a new account and crushing low MMR lobbies, right?
but tanks are the problem
Hi, hungover, but fine
Can you elaborate how this makes them kool-aid drinkers cause I don't remember any bullshit from arenanet.
Yet people fear that PiS and Fidesz are building Europe's worst authoritarian, right-wing, xenophobic dictatorships ever.
That's racist!
It's called a fucking CANOE and its been around for centuries.
Oh look they translated it so we can understand they are just misunderstood religious peacemakers.
Yeah, Alaska and Hawaii.
Kayle West ?
So you are the guy with the original G4 that still works It's me, ur LG, we have been looking for you
Errr, Chinese?
But we have to beat them to make it to the playoffs!
Thank god I thought it was a problem with my TV.
Drives fine with a wheel.
Just play a hero which can carry.
WiFi players deserve to be in their very own queue tbh (not RQ hell but they should be kept away from serious players as well)
Wow, he was way worse than Brock for the first 14 weeks!
Furthest north I've seen is East Brunswick.
With an Eldrazi invasion
Jones
Yes, by all means lets find a way to imprison or "keep out" all of the people who are "potentially bad".
Those making the healthier choice deserve to die first, absolutely.
I thought Calderon was in LA now?
Gotta make MKs attack range longer
Remember you crazy if you think you can use your little rifles to fight the government, so let's go buy some rifles in case we need to fight the Trump government!
Bunch of idiots thinking as if they're the natives of the land or something
Coincidentally, that is also my favorite Curt Schilling moment.
iRentPower
No Shit?
I think you're both right.
How else would they get their tax breaks?
That must be way so many right extremists don't support him
**WILD HOME OPENER TONIGHT:** FUCK YEAHHHH **PROBABLY GOING TO STILL BE AT WORK DURING THE GAME:** FUCK NOOOOO I'll be with you all in spirit, and praying for a slow night so I can catch at least some of it.
Suck my hamburgers
A what?
Brown people are so scary though!
Xbox one has the lowest frame rates so you get more Vortex Shield.
But capitalism
hasn't Chicago suffered enough already?
Are you sure that isn't the Russian army?
I would say Stipe has a fair claim to it as well, but the story behind Bisping becoming one of the most unlikely champions in UFC history probably edges him out.
What city?
When your so fed your Q does half of zileans hp
Remember... **NO RUSSIAN**
You look like you just recovered from choking on your mom's dick.
Yes, I'm sure Lacy would see it "all in good fun" as fans start joking that he's going to lose his job.
I had left the PayPal logged in as part of our hourly routine is to check the Amazon Seller Central and PayPal, so in my perception it's an easy (but dumb) mistake to make and one I quickly reversed before I was even arrested so I hope the DA just throws it out and I can move on.
under fort zancudo, you have to go to the bunker where you can find the jetpack.
Yeah, let's totally give the fuck up because we're spineless pieces of shit.
What'dya mean... governments never lie to their citizens!
Hard to do and if you fuck up you're dead
You don't have to say anal rapist, only women can be raped.
It's almost like the entire world playerbase is in the winter tundra of the US and not international or something
She's the real fascist!
If I say that then we dont get dead zone for radial menus
I like you too, let's drink tequila sometime
Yeah, everyone knows about that sweet MI dick.
squinting.
This is all just a coincidence
thanks for the infos, I'll have a look on it
2560 is over 2000.
That's a better ratio of Asshole to Awesome than mine.
Just remember to hit an even number of times so you don't get amnesia.
Meh... it's ok, but I think it gets about the recognition it deserves.
Oscar and Oliver The only two I could think of in a pinch
no
The first Shitpost of many.
I just want a different wall style for my 3 mill lvl 10 walls - something that separates me from the poverty fucks who waited till they were cheaper to upgrade.
Big fail, ini't?
The context of such comments seems pretty important here.
We first have to secure Vidal and Messi.
I think I am a special one.
Should I upgrade, or stay where I am?
Gpu?
So the real US leader was in the room, so OK
TTI Glock 34 Combat Master.
Nope, you are the first to notice, congrats
It cost us the game wtf!
I agree the game needs work on servers and other specifics you mentioned, but IMO I do think weather would add a hint more of realism into the game.
It can be pretty quiet around there too
Global warming my ass.
Yes, it's obviously the cheerleaders fault this guy is disgusting pervert.
wat
I thought it was "left the rains".
Well I don't know you, but I guess you could wash my back.
No place is safe..... FROM BEEEEEEEES!
Planet Earth II: The Movie
Nah it's just that every scientist that does research on climate change is corrupt and went into that line of work for the free grant money.
But I'm a better driver when I've smoked some weed!
Yes it was
Asking the real questions
fuck the caps fuck the pens
"I'm white" would have been an easier way to say that.
While all that is true, I hate Carolina so I want to see them punished
Two wrongs don't make a right.
Maybe if we ignore the ingrained racism in our judicial system it will go away
He has competed with them in a Williams so I think he is fast enough to compete with them in a Mercedes
You forgot this:
Congrats on the new Rin rare!
you are absolutely right
Yea, they should have named the fire type Z-move "Spectacular Splash".
r/Me_irl
I think you forgot a
It's treason then.
How do you walk around with such large man berries?
Nothing bitch it's the internet.
I'm always shocked by his ability to play so well while reading and responding to chat.
Because only protecting speech we agree with is totally the point.
It's not fraud if it is a white, god fearing republican, committing it.
So it's optional but they still choose to look like the military?
Yeah, but you have a bunch of mods or organizers on here saying to email admins, when you get a seemingly quicker response on here.
There was no feed during the incident.
Just reading this thread makes my hands sweat.
They are, after all, the enemy of America
Your face looks like your parents tried to cure your downs syndrome with a hammer
Snubbed at 5 again smh
rare
You clearly haven't met Supply-Side Jesus yet.
Nah, OP was on reddit while walking and accidentally stepped in the caustic mud.
Most wrestling fans are neckbeards though
What the fuck, what homophobic cave did you just crawl out of, mate?
Yes and no, at least you can cheese Bloody Mary with a reroll room/D4/D100
Cus it's spelled MURICA
But that's racist against unskilled people
You don't have to have casual sex, drugs, or alcohol to live your life fully.
what
I'm sure that Shaun King will be all over that retraction..
don't you mean "you're" right to remain silent
Did You Know?TM The human eye doesn't see beyond 30fps
Is that Dunky?
You're a piece of shit and I can prove it mathematically
Fuck yay
Cauvery namdu, we don't give a damn
I was
with a color like this, I would too try to get to my house asap to hide my car.
Uh, you mean like the shoe company?
Your right, some 3.5 million people voted for Hillary because DNC talked shit about Bernie team in emails, totally flipped election for her
The sad part is that it might actually do well.
That's just 23,952,821 scoville units, easy peasy
Forgot your
Spelling blasphemy with an f is also blasphemy.
We in "deet deet" hours
ples apalagyze
Obviously not, they're quite secure
I love Spencer-bot.
No dice yet, but I'll let you know when I strike gold!
But but...they're cute and reddit will love it
That's why they became staples in most countries around the world, because most countries in the world are rich AF.
Only reason to not have multiple guys from the same team are if all your guys play the same days (causing you to have to bench players) rather than being staggered.
But Hillary's emails
Nah, if someone doesn't travel exactly as I travel, they're doing it wrong.
Nope sorry has to be every game dont you know about anything
And she wanted to be a mom... not a dad.
TheLegend27, perhaps?
Did you erupt with laughter?
Nice slap on the wrists
TIL Australia has only been capitalist since 1880
then how would we know he's a guardian.
Ok spoofer, I'll be sure to try that out
Oh man that Nissan looks super comfy.
This is America, idiots with a twitter soapbox have gone as far as the presidency
1. change underwear
Hey some of it makes sense and some is mumbo jumbo.
I swear to go you are everywere
Only a Took would believe that...
That version of the song is The Drifters not Bing...
DAE think Kanye is sooo dumb
I'm trying to get rid of all my common sense and reasonable solutions here so someday I can be the lost in the sauce LT that soldiers really need
Wow spoilers
Thanks for the inspiration!
Your skins and supply drops are exclusive content and events!
Religion of Peace
Monoculture works out so wonderfully....
I wouldn't run every day, because your ligaments and bones need time to acclimate to how high impact running can be, but doing the cardio/ muscle work is a good idea.
I believe ya.
Kurt Cobain's Microphone
Don't you know that fry cooks and bartenders make up for the massive drop in manufacturing jobs?
Earth: 'tis a silly place
I have this problem as well, with a Rift on the Oculus store version.
"We don't want 0 problems big fella"
because he called out r/mma's golden boy sage and has been on their shitlist since
But I thought climate change was a hoax?
All that Alpha brain
840 ring to 880.
And by soon he means this month.
Semantics, the government through the CRTC has always had a foot in the door but this expansion paves the way for clearer moderation of content availability.
Ah yes, because as we all know Jesus was far from being an anarchist did you know he also embraced capitalism?
Get your logic to fuck pal before you get the sack.
Don't you be getting uncivil, now!
Yeah I live in a pretty extreme climate here in California, sometimes it's nearly at/around freezing!
Two rows of pews... lol obviously preparing for a big audience
Why try when we're already #1?
Wow didn't see this coming
codeschool has node and react tutorials.
Awkward things are funny lol
Yes but then when would they get to use their shiny new tactical gear and boot stomp on our civil liberties?
You forgot the
Maybe other older family members birthday?
Yeah, how dare they want to have a strong relationship with someone who can bother remembering the things they tell her about their lives.
Well yes, that I completely agree with: updates at inopportune moments are fucked up.
FROM!
Well hello Cubs bandwagon flair, how are you today?
can't test for HPV if you're male 25+ iirc
And then they all gave him $100
This is the same reason why Belichick cannot defeat Eli Manning
What like, 50?
I can't spell Internet connection with wifi nor wireless.
I'm sure on Japanese tv they're complaining about how racist Japan is.
You know, just in case Putin reneges on that Trump hotel in Moscow.
I imagine unintended as it wasn't mentioned in the patch note :/
290
ROASTED
But it also causes autism so choose wisely!
According to MatPat last theory, FNaF 3 didn't happened too, which is true.
wasn't this on r/futurama and a top post already?
whats that quote from its ringing a bell.
The Tom Holland one or the Andrew Garfield one?
We also don't get the backup camera, however you can swap in other Fiesta's seats, not too sure about the radio, grills/bumper are different on the ST's
only way they will leave is if welfare decreases significantly which it will cause taxes can't go much higher before a revolt
You forgot the
A bot sniped the pass from across the map?
TRADE HIM!
Their stuff libtards don't know how to use, cuck!
Spending almost $200 on a bible seems like something Jesus would approve of.
But Hilary was going to start WWIII.
One of the best :)
We've all been shoving a lot up your moms vagina already, nothing seems to be working.
yeah, the way he walks forward while leaning straight back with his arms wide open right in front of him is sure to bamboozle today's fighters.
What's the consensus on this, everyone?
Mnmmjm
Same, but different
BUT I HAD SUCH A GOOD IDEA!
so sorry for your loss.
Dong
Yah he hates his daughter !
They can point out all the phrenological distinguishers of mongoloidism, how dare you say that is fake.
"99 channels and nothing is on."
7 star fg and good x10 rate up confirmed
So its the gold chest?
Wow ok, we're actually exactly the same then.
I want your comment tattooed on my body!
That's like saying why put airbags in a car when some people only use them once or never at all.
Did you or did you not come for them?
Porque no los dos?
I'm sure he was *only visiting* Italy and not running from anything.
They can't really find other work as dancers, it's extremely hard to find replacement positions if they are fired.
Have a kwazy Kwanzaa
Food, yummy!
50 R4 jukebox zeros just means that you can have a super spooky keyboard for Halloween!
Hahaha baas
*teleports behind you* should have watched more anime......kid
Two timing console peasant!
Thanks for condescending attitude, you're the one we all need
Not at all
So what do you propose they should do when a supposed ally sides with a group that calls for the killing of every single living Jew on earth?
You forgot the
We still run 2003
No, it's hope, how the hell did you think that said holy shit
Something bad happens to people with different political beliefs from me, rather than a solution to the problems we have differing opinions on how to solve.
you must have a lot a friends
That's probably because nobody ever flies the day after xmas!
Bin Laden isn't dead
What article?
Because the entertainment industry and stage performance sector is dominated by Trump-loving conservatives.
Just noticed that pre-partition India was one of the most important places geopolitically after Turkey.Lied between Central Asia (Afghanistan),Middle East(Iran),SE Asia (Myanmar) and China.
You forgot the
He should forget the ring and put her in a chasity belt like the good old days when America was still great.
-MR is still frozen (And I'm not going to let it go) -Not looking like I'll get a CSR Pre-approval for Christmas -AMEX RAT = No MPX -My indecision on if I should try for the Merrill+ (Never had BOA, have a feeling I'll get declined though) -Learning that I don't know how to wrap things
I'm sorry to hear that you encountered a transaction error which caused you to only get the runes for the 50$... I mean, you say the pack is completely not worth it, so you obviously didn't get the (daily) crystals...again, sorry for your loss...
Yes, that's exactly what I am saying.
Yeah who needs more good hockey players when we could have more Steve Otts!
Let's make santa hats great again!
I think the environmentalists may do this themselves like they did with current nuclear.
That is only a reward when life is hell I guess
in the comics she hasn't met up with her mom, the only reason she even knows she's alive is because of the letter she sent in the ana origin story, its assumed her dad did most of the raising
You have to go inside.
But muh genetics!
Start Douching.
You forgot the
-1 not enough social justice
If only I didn't smoke so much weed, I'd totally go for a career change.
But at least we stopped Hillary from trying to negotiate a no-fly zone with Russia, 'cause that totally would have caused WW3!
Isn't a dwarf planet just a type of planet?
If we're talking the next millennium, forget cosmos inhabitant, by then star citizen would have just come out.
You keep it in your freezer of course.
What show is it/where is it?
Ah, so this new team is Revan's 'degree', it all makes sense.
that's the money shot!
Yeah bro, that's totally a likely scenario.
Yeah I would be extremely happy with vet minimum money, so why didn't he just take that?
no, i dont think anyone that frequents this site has heard of this "office".
Lol great argument
shit dude you're totally right dru dove so hard
Step 1: Be the juggernaut Step 2: Hold the visor option inside style menu so it goes back and forth for 10 seconds Step 3: Open netflix, return to GTA
"A broken clock is right twice a day"
Not in his parents house.
But they're literally Nazis!
I heard they will release November, Halloween and OTW cards again.
Eternally
Heh
Lol I would throw a rock through his window or something
Can you please try the hockey gods again, make another comment
As a previous owner of three and a linux user, this was the real joke.
Why is he a secret Muslim?
I mean, look at what she was wearing, she was just asking for it.
No wonder some dudes don't wash their junk and then still expect head.
That's called US History and Social Studies.
his CP path has very good outplay potential, reminds me of old skye
My mom never let me watch mango growing up so I don't know what this is about
Aside from the whole no cross faction mail thing the fact that I don't remember there being any mailboxes on the turtle to begin with probably doesn't help either.
Cashed out already.
We won that race about 80 years ago.
in the US it's called 'the right to bear arms'
And stopped 10^5 light years away for some reason.
Hamilton saying he is blessed is arrogant.
What is the powerhouse of the cell?
Shit, when did they put the full H-44 in game?
You know he means business when his last name is savage
Actually you earn a lot of income when you spend one term as a state senator, two years as a US senator, and eight years as President.
Because Microsoft, Sony, Nintendo, and physical retail stores don't take a large cut of the sales.
Yeah that seems legit.
I have quite a hard time believing that you can have a policy that effectively denies employees the basic right to be paid for work they've done, no matter how carefully they made everyone aware of this.
zelfs in Tegele is neet rech sjeif
That's just racist!
Yeah man this will totally increase tourism.People all over the world will go gaga over this dopeass statue of shivaji and come to india to see it , who cares if india lacks cleanliness , transportation , better police etc which actually help the tourists .
What fluid dialogue.
You're such a fucking meme
Possibly, if they weren't they just played so much where they got as much money as me and got bored.
Pretty sure the flips were.
I'm assuming if it's a one day trade hold it'll last one day
I waited 2/3 years to fully repair my 4 And honestly my screen looks similar to op's pic Can't wait to get my screen assembly next week
265 Thanks OP!
At great risk to themselves.
Haha yeah man, fuck people that get emotional during the game
Why did you start Goatrappolo in the ship?
Nice of them to share Lewis' perspective
Life-changing brain injuries: so entertaining!
Maybe the McCaskets will wake up and make an effort with this team after this season.
Hmm 10s cd per charge and each wall last 10s This will make him not op at all
Nice, shiny fivehead though.
I think you dropped this:
Man I wonder what happens if John Elway gets hurt
I'm getting chills
The NFL wants close games that go down to the final few minutes ever since we would blow out teams in prime time.
Nice try, it's obviously just a picture on the box!
Math is for pussies!
I'm not sure why, I liked guessing the odds on whether my Durham's Pure Leaf Lard contained factory workers or not.
At least they showed some grit.
I'm just happy Soldier Field lost its National Historic Landmark status over building all those new seats.
Even the ugly women?
Right, Israel was never attacked before 1967
Then you desrve to be homeless or die of something easily treatable.
Yeah I don't that's that's gonna happen...
But did they have a copy of Terraforming Mars?
best to take up a class
Ah yes, Zarya's shoot at the ground to run away quicker mobility, best escape
Not really relevant here.
Did you uninstall?
The complete organization of "anonymous" for the Arab spring makes so much more sense now.
I thought the same thing.
What moral compass is guiding you to believe that?
That's what happens your country is full of drug addicts.
Sounds like a great idea
The death trigger for Rector would resolve before the pod activation goes off meaning that the Battle can be killed before you can find your protection
Marcel in Inglorious Basterds
*fucking console ports*
Bruh it's one of the best episodes how do you not know every line by heart
I think you might be making a good point in a subtle way, yet downvote because *Some say that X still Y to the day* is an annoying unfunny cliche (and thus especially out of place in a thread about Seinfeld).
Yes, helicopter parenting is surely the answer.
Feared for his life and just wanted to make it home to his family, obviously.
Because we have low IQ level and obviously due to our shitty culture
Merry Christmas amirite.
An ACTUALLY progressive Santa would realize that not everyone conforms to the oppressive Christian-enforced patriarchy and would kill himself for being cis-gendered white scum.
XLB4M
We're a little behind the 8-ball
I didn't think Muslims celebrated Christmas
I've read is that the Big 12 schools are seeking additional money from their TV partners for maintaining the status quo, which is a big reason the Big 12 didn't opt to expand with any teams.
Hello sir, do you have a minute to hear about how satanic pedophile Jew gorrillionaires run and manipulate the world's governments to castrate white men, breed out the white race, and install a New World Order?
Haters will say he's not injured
Yes
I'd rather beat them properly, but thanks
TT is saving our ass rn
This advice could work with 99% of this subreddit lol.
Hulu has a list like this
Nice save there, Chester!
yeah i prefer playing actual decks and winning
1250 bps 1280x720 resolution 30 fps, your bottle neck is your upload speed, everything else ok
If you do not make aggressive contact with the rim GTFO
Sir, there are 9,069,857,028 genders you cisheteropatriarchal transmisogynist.
Oh, see the ones here don't sell beer and I don't drink, so I'm not sure about fair pricing on alcohol.
Yeah no one will die next year.
I'm scared for your favourite artist
Thanks for making me an extra $300 on my order asshat!
Hella bae drawing.
Carrie Fisher back in critical condition
Gotta make that tackle Timmons.
Whoo, a good Christmas burnin'!
He says it like it is!
I don't know, i think at least a fence and maybe some mountain safety folk waving to slow you down before that vicious drop...
Alchemy Coffee located on highway 7 sells beans from [Pilot Coffee Roasters](https://www.pilotcoffeeroasters.com)
- Samsung 55 inch KS8000 4K TV - PS4 Pro - Rise of the tomb raider Of course all paid by myself _Sigh_
What a dumb optic
GTFO.
You mean Brexit wasn't a good idea in the long or short run?
You can play QBs in the flex?
Nah, everyone the Russians bomb becomes a terrorist by default.
A 20 dollar bad dragon gift card, just pm me your credit card and social security numbers
Yea because no one is ever poor in my life.
Yeah, if only there were a way for them to be treated equally so they weren't suffering so much, but God works in mysterious ways you know!
Well there's a surprise.
No the parents need to be taught empathy and not physically abuse their children over minor indiscretions.
Pumpkin spice?
You can try screencapping it and sending it to someone like Ashley or sending an email to Almir so you can get it replaced.
But I need my totally kawaii beach/hot springs episode.
Can't fault the assumption, the only culture that matters is Western culture
Great generalization
Sadly no, I'm in the states :(
gold star parent right there...
Yeah that's why grass fed beef is free.
Exactly, lets also kick out the gays, blacks while we're at it.
I think there is a bot for that now.
Found the union electrician...
Did you miss the caption at the bottom of the gif?
I'm parmesian.
Christmas won some pivotal battles this year, but we will win the war.
Pfft, the only way to connect with another person as a man in this world is to put on a tough guy persona and to not be comfortable in your own skin!
But we tha' most powerful race
Hooked tow straps are great: the hook keeps the knot from untying.
A bunch of intolerance in this thread!
Never forget
You are an unusual looking white male.
Not a big deal when you're a kid, you'll likely be unrecognizable in 5 years time.
Well hey now these are good cops just doing their jobs
If you wish to give a brojob, you must first invent the universe.
Back in my high school sex Ed class, they'd call this "mutual masturbation" which I guess would be the "technical" term for it since it's not necessarily sex.
But being so aware of your shortcomings is one of the reasons why you SHOULD be a parent!
Luckily, once energy storage is solved, they will never be able to harness the suns energy, what with the lack of supply there
commenting for later xd
Results need no justification in the face of intentions.
Hey dalek, thanks for keeping your word about making the phone wallpapers
i could but i would lose my mad karma
Considering the sub, this not ending seems pretty fitting.
He's racist *against* white people and that probably isn't against Twitter's terms of service since only white people can *be* racist.
I know a good divorce lawyer, and I advise you to get out while you still can
In my sleep
If you don't know the truth, but present it as if you do, then yes I would say so.
It's just Trump making America great again.
I guess I forgot the
Yeah we get it already you're an engineer
FUCK YOU AND YOUR CANCEROUS .50 BMG GO FUCK YOURSELF UP YOU HAVE A DOMINANT GENE IN YOUR FAMILY TO COMMONLY FEATURE DICKBUTTS AND BECOME WHORES
You're not wrong.
yes, please replace the strange coins reward from shaxx bounty with a ghost
Is that the name of the Cathedral in Paris?
Listen Mercy can't have all the amazing skins okay.
Can you drink the vodka later?
Someone should make an anime about it.
696
I'm sure that's a realistic model of what's happening in the world
ikr so helpful, totally a function I use every single day, good that it hides the currency pouch even more I mean I don't need to see that right
LEAGUE FUCKED
It's not settlements when you build in your own country, it's like says to Texas to stop building anything because it's all on Mexican land
OJ BORG &lt;333
I don't actually believe in ghosts, I made the remark about myself in jest, so no - it hadn't crossed my mind, but I'm always open to being proven wrong.
That's wrong man, humans in real life never do stupid shit and if I were in these movies I'd have handled Xenos in 2 minutes.
no
Make a blog, address issues.
I'm sure that they are in no way going to profit from the downfall
Wait, how could you pass on a paycheck like that?
That's a Kentucky that beat Louisville thank you very much
More like top choice of keyboard, look at that glorious AEK2
But I need to teach them a lesson!
Nonono that was a slam you can't do that to a Cowboys player duh you whiny salty baby
WTF BOYCOTT CHIA REEEEEEEE
I'm pretty sure MLB advanced media produced the film....
Not only are they pretty to look at, it's funny when they swim in to the walls hitting their faces so stupid lol xd
Haha miscarriage, oh boy I'm fucking dying
So you're saying the selling point was printer drivers and a browser that's less than 10 years old o.O
He was trying to feel what the object was, to identify it and decide if it was worth it to keep pulling or they should just let it be
How dare that ostrich speak suck ill things about the pious holy mother cow?
yeah gonna youtube hero report the shit out of that channel
Are you talking about the hanger decoration?
That's why you never go out on Black Lake when the moon is full
Fined 500$ for BMing the community
You can tell by the yellow text how many times this has been reposted
That's because LIEBRIL Geneticists want WHITE GENOCIDE!
Oh it gets better the more you go up.
Ah yes, I forgot to take into account those millions and millions of Europeans killed by war refugees from Syria.
it was planned like that, but with Bannon in WH I guess it will be handed out to alternative media :P and since there would be conflict of interest between Bannon and Breitbart, Info Wars will be getting a nice new years gift courtesy of Obama
i totally believe her being innocent in this after all western sellouts get their bribes legally from foreign government/open society grants, public speeches sponsored by western corporations and book deals
Sure, let's encourage more TKs
'cuz cities are full of degenerates.
Yeh, you should score an own goal in the first 20 minutes to activate the booooooooost.
Special
Those members really didn't have a testimony in the first place.
Probably should have added the
Rogue One Core Set confirmed?
Such a nice little fun fact :)
He forgot..
When I grow up, I'm going to Bovine University!
Thanks Oda.
Exactly what a racist would say!
Reddit is also illegal in California.
Same... Still use 10 year old ipod classic cable I had one stop working and said "unofficial assessory" but took it into the Apple store and they replaced it on the spot.
NOOOO.. don't say that.. why bring race into this when it's all about 'economic anxiety' and 'political affiliation'.
Mainly for Jar Jar I guess Episode 1 is probably my favourite of the prequels too for the same reasons as you
You forgot the
ti winner coach and a ti winner sub pogchamp.
yeah fuck that guy for trying to win...
I am so excited to see Honda back in the cage.
But he's different
Divide and conquer.
We should feed off of Youtube Heros plan and make a 'Runescape Heros' program
Not true, Heroin has 0 medical use
That's silly, women don't think
Terrorists have no rights, esp not the 1st!
Wow, you must be an expert psychiatrist with access to people's bank accounts.
Since when does the flag = solider so stupid of people to think that.
Those are jokes you are being serious.
In this case both.
Given how important our bodies are to us, in 15 or so years I imagine any personal device that's with you 24/7 has automatic health/metabolism monitoring built in by default.
At least you have baseball to look forward to
Well Marijuana does fund terrosim.
Donivan, he had great stats in the MLS
Wasn't us we are the greatest fans In college football!
Wood short/ long boards and sandbags for immobilization.
I see you served Rudolph's nose along with it; smart choice there.
I thought you weren't married to the person with whom you had this affair
Fun Fact: Don't go during the weekday!
On this logic all thoughts are redundant too and you should just end yourself to stop this horrific nightmare of free speech!
Then you should get a phone with a camera right in the centre of the back with a Nexus 6 style flash
4 wheels move your body, 2 wheels move your soul bruh
I think (hope) you forgot this:
And people wonder why Welsh language television never really caught on.
Skip to Next week... &amp;nbsp; Oh my god guys, AB Inbev (or Miller Coors, if you prefer) made me a great offer and I've gone to work for them.
Except for clinton who obviously got rich by eating babies
Needs more rgb lighting
Would be more funny if the cat was three footed
Sarcasm doesn't translate well in text form, and is never noticed on Reddit without
I used csgo modchecker and the mod, placed both into my sourcemods folder and restarted steam
there there?
Was meant to be sarcasm but my phone ate the
You seem like a really nice person.
It's a regional thing within the US as well growing up in Kansas City I always heard lightning bugs.
Yeah and his username hurt my feelings
Shouldnt be too hard to fix yourself, just slowly bend them back into place, and as long as the usb port fits, it works
like Clonskeagh?
Goddamn millenials!
Secession quakes.
Nice, time to do BBB as Austria
Yeah but those don't count.
When people assume my gender
I've ran Crysis even on my 8600 GTS, so this should have no problem :)
Fuck her?
So, mission accomplished?
sounds like people ITT will use any excuse to discriminate against fat people
But when writing about how my group suffers, it's so much easier to stereotype the opposition!
VERSE CHORUS VERSE CHORUS BRIDGE VERSE CHORUS anything else makes me uncomfortable....
Economic slavery you twat.
REMOVE THIS RACIST!
Ignoring accessibility.
Obviously he's self-hating and his opinion is invalid
Dont even post this shit here until you get 100 kills pleb.
good thing we rushed the build, and made driving in this city intolerable, so that it would be ready at the same time as the trains
No, fuck you, your God doesn't exist, my God gave this to me!
They need to pad out the support player roles, since nobody is playing it.
He was just joking, but yes you are right.
He voiced Death in Darksiders 2.
As long as they're not one of those queer-o-sexuals.
This really isn't helping our environmental situation
Don't you mean *slackers*
Life is pointless, and often gross.
As long as the cops enforce the idiot drivers that dont get over when done passing/ in the left lane (They Won't).
Wouldn't it be nice if this clarity of thought was present when it was decided to run off an entire tribe.
Yea and it has nothing to do with homophobia
Not sure how smart he is, but I'd be tipped off by the fact that the MICR line is all zeroes.
Oh OK thanks I guess I didn't realize how much her AA did that should be really helpful in future games
so i wrote an essay on this not working but apparently only the picture posted :( going edit the post now
Yea, but how can play multiplayer games online without a monthly subscription fee?
Yeah but since it's not the same as what the old fallout games did it's not allowed
Shit i forgot the
Nice to see the NHL catering the music to the demographic of the game
Didn't Sandy also join up with a big storm front that was crossing the northeast around the same time?
Yeah, totally worth the risk of killing people.
Looks like a pitbull too.
I hate these intentionally misleading pictures on this sub.
Up vote for going straight to the point and not writing 8 paragraphs about it.
Wasn't the horse arabian?
So, it was a slow day?
He was trying to help Trump out even before he became the VP nominee.
Huh, wonder who's downvoting you
More RGB!
Dam pot heads!
Cancer actually
It's because we are all always quantum thumping thesaurusi.
Who do you suggest takes his spot?
...a screen, Speakers, and powerbank for $300... Wow
He has fists...
The technology is just isn't there yet.
But Assad is the bad guy, we have to overthrow him, right?
Poland is to the East--maybe they transporting it?
Not that bo3 had them...
Especially for children under the legal working age.
Have you tried eating more food?
Clearly edited.
It may have been sarcasm.
nah
yeah, everything is just a circlejerk
kim death ratio?
My Apologies
Hopefully soon they'll add 120 Agility!
That's not a cowboys fan approved metric
No, I'm a believer in the true savior, Awakening.
He'll certainly excel at this sport.
"Oh they will upvote anything, ANYTHING"
Guess I dropped the
Yeah, fuck his father's custodial rights.
Nah bro, people who use drugs do it because they're inherently shitty people.
It's fairly basic, but I got some use out of it so I thought I would post it.
Cold, Cold showers for my Cold, Cold heart.
Because the Tampa player made it dangerous so it's clearly Weber's fault for choosing to hit a player that puts himself in a vulnerable position immediately before impact.
By t-shirt, obviously.
I wanted your username and had to settle with this bullshit.
Smash alone is worth almost $60.
phil dowd will always be the best
Please tell me you forgot a
I prefer the IIII; it's more traditional and gives better symmetry.
Obviously
Looks like the uncomplicated firewall couldn't save them this time.
Can't we just kill the VP before Trump?
You're not supposed to touch it with **your hands**, you're supposed to touch it with the Surface Pen!
After the birth of the first child.
Because banning creepy clowns was sure to prevent attacks.
Clearly they can reduce the sales price by the salesperson's commission since they aren't paying it here!
The saddest thing in this picture isn't the rg buff but the x4 sparky
Trump.
No we need to attack celebrities for tweets we interpret as inappropriate.
Just listen one ear at a time!
FUCK you OP!
Road Hog XL for everything.
More often than it does
Clearly still a better archer than Rebecca
Oh yeah the super magical and magical chests mean nothing
Hilary Clinton had 30 years to fix this!
why not
your dropped something
And the comma was used improperly.
Hahah Seamus isn't a girl.
Well some people still rightfully treat flying as an occasion!
No they are pro-job creators!
Tide goes in, tide goes out.
What is the mortality rate for animals on airline flights?
that makes him smart
You have no idea...
Why did you fail?, you seem angry, maybe you should be around small animals.
Please do, I think everyone will appreciate you for it.
Shhh, the Trump kids *never* upvoted disinfo here...
It's almost as if he's a business man who has to make tough decisions which some people might not like
Any idea what's inside?
Barra was calling for vulcan ult ALL game lol.
Music, certain friends, people listening to my problems, working (with the mindset that I'm bettering myself and making my life better), etc.
We've already seen Megumi's mother, and she did not appear to have any particular talent (and they even said that that 10 year old Megumi was better than everyone at the inn at cooking, which wouldn't make sense if Megumi's mother was an Elite 10 talent).
TWITTER WILL OVERCOME!
Because Matt is an ass
Can't wait for those mountains to be bulldozed
I love the cold war :))))))))))))))))))
Get out of here with your rationality, can't you see that all skateboarders are assholes and all parents are irresponsible, there can be no other way
Michael Floyd
RIP Bob.
If you run Graviton, Memory of Gheleon, and Predator you get all 3.
Well at least he capped skill, the most useful stat
Remove elite barbs
Such a Scorpio thing to say.
At least they're not Mormons.
Shovel Knight and Shield Knight best otp, fite me bro
FIRE STEPHANE WAITE!
He's just has too much of a baby face for me to accept he is a punk... and I think any chirping he does has to sound funny with his accent
Well it's not like the Chinese would harm them is they didn't
(((Silicon Valley))) more like amirite lads
Gotta build up that dick callous and tap it out with your dick, I've always heard that's what Malcolm did
If Scott and his kids don't mind being on video, then I hope!
inb4 OP drew the entire thing by hand
I like how there are 5 PGTs.
Paynes cancer confirmed.
I'm in the party of Zamasu tanking it, being mostly fucked up, plays it off cool because he'd never admit he's been hurt, and then gets the last 10% of his strength fucked out of him by Trunks plus spirit sword plus Goku and vegeta energy
Did you just assume my transgender?
does Addiction on Pisonet Count?
I really need to read the books.
Is that native for your CRT monitor?
I don't know, see's just one of the most iconic characters in Star Wars, not worth to even pay respects to her right?
Sab saala pichle *sattar saal* ka kamaal hai
This guy is totally not racist everyone.
Don't you know you can't be sexist against men?
*21st Century*
I'm currently up to That Will Be All
Yes because all women are attractive and can get sex on command, ugly women don't exist and men don't have any preferences and can't control their sexual urges.
Oh well that answers that.
Suggestion: let us swap our equipment from nav screen ... oh hold on ... we were able to to so before Starchart 2.0 took a shit on QoL.
Yeah rocketing towers as troops walk by is hard as fuck
Not even one... finger?
I've considered the covered seating at the far end of the field, but it appears to be restricted for parties?
Yea, OP, let your brother harrass you and take it like a man.
sure, then i am straight
... And trolled your bro heimer ...
Please make it stop.
I'd say RG post range buff, because I use him at that time period
"descrontolados"
Oh, how noble.
That's a lot of long passes for a player who only passes backwards
Thermometers... they are just a theory
Sexism
Yeah, poors, diversify your stock portfolio!
tl;dr stack that paper up and then make boss moves.
You could easily resell that for double the money with that Supreme sticker
Maybe it vacuums the dust in the case?
But how else is she going to prove that she's a good mom?
But are you pissed he smashed it in less than 2 hours tho
Right, it will go up forever, and a modest price deflation is impossible...
Police brutality!
Is Jenner one of the miserable people from that family?
Who's this?
I am 43 and hit 66 mil on scorpion.
exactly how I feel, funny in the dumbest ways
Great, now there is semen EVERYWHERE
Haha that would be pretty funny.
I think bloodborne is still on sale on psn for $8 if it's your kinda game you should pick it up, can't recommend it enough
Haha
Obviously just a prisma filter over the original artwork
All you folks missed the
buy a clunker, learn to fix it.
But...but it has le grill with a cup of tea and cozy slippers and netflix on the TV, so it must be cozy right ?
yeah, it sucks how no games have any unlockables anymore at all!
I can't believe Mumei is 12
Yep, nothing can be done to help mental patients ... not even, say ... giving them a home and a case worker like other states are starting to do
I'd offer, but my keys are just normal size..
STAY WOKE
sure, when there's people running around with auto-loot macros that's definitely fair.
He's 100% gonna be one of Forbes 30 under 30.
Thank goodness vast swathes of the country still think Snowden is a 'traitor'.
But it all goes to charity.
Yes, the render distance of the Matrix is limited, duh.
Look, regardless of the beard, that haircut is pretty impressive.
But chuck told me the league is at its worst due to analytics and 3's
Yea, my current employer is totally willing to train you in computer programming on their dime.
And the only people we hate more than the Judean people's front is the non-alt-right
I know that D.Va can be really annoying, especially her defense matrix, but really she's pretty easy to counter with Rein or Zarya, who can both completely deny her defenses.
I should have added
Slow down!
Yeah, I only played with my Xbox for a week tops.
I thought the same when I started out too XD
Good to see someone else does this!
Probably Pakistani terrorists again like 26/11.
SUTD scholar... An NUS, NTU or SMU student wouldn't have done that.
To be fair, it only says the vagina is realistic.
I use H and it works well for me, except I'll occasionally fat finger G and throw my weapon away
IF you dont know about outdated tech you are a retard
No sorry, only is professionals here
Sex him
Why doesn't Mumbo play in the modded Hermitcraft series?
Probably not the same but check out Jordan 11's
It's also a convenient lunch box...bananas, cucumbers, sausages...anything goes!
What's the bit on top?
Now you're just being a little bitch.
"No problem, I've used google before."
Didn't know Caiman were salt water animals.
That looks dangerous
Major Lazer &amp; Showtek - Believer
MC: 7 Minutes Dead - Sidewinder Non-MC: Fusq - Perfume!
Looks more like a hotdog
Go get a job at an office, for a landscaping company obviously.
Non-existent
Humanist ideas are OP tho
Battle for Dominaria :D Hmmm lets bring back argothian wurm and not mention any brothers war or any old this weatherlight shit :D that will be great :D and enemy Battle duals
Don't know whether to laugh or cry.
Yeah but once you pop on the sports bra that shouldn't matter anymore!
That lag tho!
Shit sry, PS4
Work a 16 hour work day and you'll be out like a light, works everytime for me
From the video description: Quebec St &amp; E 128 Ave Denver CO
Didn't you know, all bugs in the game are actually grand conspiracies and deliberate choices by bungie
The one that shoots 7.62x39....
Checking they're all getting some and no one is left out....and relax.....
It sounds like you let her down.
On the other hand, you can also QUIT for no reason in right-to-work states, and unlike your employer you CAN use someone's gender, race, sexual orientation, or religion as a reason for quitting.
Only _casual_ gamers don't want to get pizza grease all over their controllers.
Anything with Roman is a bad thing
basically how to war kebab
Khizr Khan "I would gladly lend you my copy"
Only good fight on this card was Garcia vs grandma
No comment!
She should wait a few years and then accuse him of rape.
RED IS FOR AMD #AMD
G
Blame kappadins
Yeah seeing Muslims and Mexicans worry about their futures in America made me smile too :)
Condensation
Take a running leap and you learn to fly
Ahh yes, the OHKO boss by Roy.
Yeah because another team deserved to be there more than Washington
I like to see that someone mains thermite
What about all the sadistic weed smokers?
These give me life
Lol shitpost of the week
No, this beer is made by Treehouse
oh man, here, have some reddit gold for this one!
the lower the score, the less negative you are, for example, arteezy is one of the least negative people in dota.
check out chesthole32 - it's pretty big
You're a double scum, a ramming teamer
Water rower or gtfo.
Have you ever read about the Modron March?
Nothin' sets off a good steak like some ketchup.
Was one of the 3 ODs you're talking about tristan?
Let's see ... all I've got here is 22 year old bartenders, part-time models, personal trainers, and beach bums.
then you not really with the shits fam simple as that
yeah, Evander Kane was a great role model for Winnipeg's youth
But if they had Fer they would have won
No, I'm pretty sure it's still a 5.0L.
Don't you know Hillary was the snake who gave Eve the apple?
She was a good 5 minutes from crossing that particular lane of traffic.
Had a rare pepe in her throat
Does this mean Lucroy won't be starting anymore?
Damn apartment dwellers, such smoochers!
and salaries are climbing!
not if i could potentially satisfy my primal desire to watch violence!
Plenty of us are glad you're putting in the effort to ensure more capacity.
Time is top of the food chain :(
Yes, it is selected.
You guys wouldnt make it far in R/politics
If your version of Light Frontier is a bukkakke, then yes.
I think you forgot the
Yea guys, make sure you shoot down all the airlines flying over your house too.
I can't help but imagine gears of Wartortle to just be the same but with water pistols.
GunsAreCool is flipping their collective shit about this and it's really funny.
Probably selling them straight from the Lost and Found.
What's a sidearm?
ducks
i just got a new tv and they banned me too
If you're not hurting, you're not gaining obviously
The bum is on the swede.
of course, suramar is a waste of time... just ignore it!
plz, you don't want to hang out with skankily dressed NELF and Draenai in goldshire?
Crash Course English 101: Spelling With John Green
No, God just didn't properly develop proper engineering tolerances to account for variables like climate change.
who did she tell you that to?
Either women SJWs are ugly and unwanted or just sluts btw this is totally not sexism at all, just DA TRUTHS
Experienced fatlogicians can violate conservation of energy; is it so hard to believe they can also defy gravity and *fly* the 5k?
Why are you so racist?
Benevolent sexism is still sexism, you bastard!
SALT SALT SALT \#BlackLivesMatter
Michael Bay's bay at bay.
You obviously weren't faithful enough
Easy, just sell the VR bundle and buy the console with the money and use the leftover cash to buy more Taco Bell.
H3 blows
Doesn't seem as bad because it isn't obvious by looking at him, maybe if the other girl was his best man during the wedding.
Again.. another lower quality version of a video from r/videos
Do you go subq or IM with it?
Germany wins
Representative picture
Schrodinger's pyroar
World Alliance of Wrestling WAW
Steel body, or military-grade aluminum?
ANIME IS SAVED
Better than bleach, ty
I sure she was totally impressed with that and not pissed at all.
Chinese manufactures don't give a shit about their workers which is why I hate them
everywhere the falcon splodes'
I think he meant the Jew Attack Force
I don't know the new bosses crit resist , but with 297 crit you won't have 100% crit with 100% uptime on fury so it's natural that the bosses have slightly more crit resist and with about 310 I get 100% haymaker.
But my TSM D:
It was a rhetorical question, emphasizing just how few people commenting in this thread seemed to have actually read the article properly before going off on their "anti-white/we're suffering too" circlejerk.
D2 pets confirmed?
yeeeeeep
It clearly states he has a Gmaul account... Jeez...
10 gallon minimum but you can get away with 5 if you do water changes often enough
Doesn't come near the amount of epic that Origins was that's for sure.
Damn, they don't even let you have stall doors?
Maybe that's what the price increase is going towards!
Yeah, smash tried shield, and look how unpopular that game is!
Yeah Tay lasted a couple hours unsupervised before going way off the deep end as I remember
My favorite part was when woody was questioning his life while the other three were talking lmao great episode
I see Valve's doing their best making the game as fun for everyone as possible
Murderous was my last for both sections
Unite is playing really well as a team
Oh man I'm excited for Pikmin: Zip- Lash!
Siurce?
So do the Vols drop at all in the polls?
That makes me wonder if there are any longshore troopers.
FUUUUckkkk
Congrats!
Because 3arch is gonna update mid match
Oh yeah that's totally what that means
No, they're obviously removing megas
Zoom out more, we can't see the fight.
But the earth is flat?
I've been scribing pentagrams all week for this.
Unless you can clear stuff in game (like outfits and other data), you can't do much.
They're blocking progress, something the Media actually sees.
Wasn't he the last prophet?
But regressives have killed free speech!
Wouldn't work due to jet lag
All parties in this story sound like such wonderful and charming people.
Fucking brilliant deflection.
Nope, it is an act of God.
Yep, it would be great if nobody in our military was trained for combat!
I am certain you are smarter than a successful millionaire who has produced a comic read by tens of millions over decades.
because nothing says fun, quite like an hour of talking about identity politics.
I finally got called sir
"Damn it uncle you got us a console"
Can't spoil the story.
I wish someone would finally come out and tell us what the magic number is to achieve this necessity.
nice flair
yea everyone outside the US knows people in boston pronounce 'r' as ah.
You're doing a great job at that!
Don't forget to put some LED strips all around so your system can handle 12k 60fps!
There is spotting in the Game ?
Wow, that blue shirt, skirt, and converse must have taken her so much effort to make
B-b-b-but brexit... End of the world....
Some people wash their hands with antibacterial soap after smoking cigarettes so obviously.
That's such a really big jump.
Sweden?
Yeah but AppleCare for AirPods will only cost $99 and will cover lost AirPods for only a $49 charge!
The bourgeois made it to help the proletariat accept their status.
I hear his name might have been Employment, but that may be a mistranslation.
He's gonna be a great at relationships.
YOU DIED
Yeah that was the only documented instance were it was **proposed** not to mention that it was discarded immediately after being proposed because the idea is absurd.
No, it's tank dempsey
Being top 3 means nothing in your region, obviously
Switched to USA VPN... Downloading at full speed of my connection (at least for now).
What did you expect when Ziggy and Ziz all promoted it before the league started
If you forcably advertise it on reddit im sure someone will ask about the price
Poor young man thrown in jail by the corrupt justice system.
How everything flying is a tesseract
A major reason why I like it
Also thought that to lol
Wait a minute.. is it possble A7x=Monty?
I heard about a game called No Man's Sky
All owners are able to buy the dlc
Is that where you write underwater ?
Yeah, because the league is not 3 months long and if we can't play the first 5 hours that means everything is gonna suck.
less quality = better meme
damn looks good
Wasn't this supposed to be the "damning evidence that could finally end Clinton's reign of tyranny" or something like that?
Doubt it.
confirmed plant by EA
Except for that one wall comp that James rocks at
had Kill Joys on since I was playing Giant last night, switched it out for I'm Feeling Lucky :P
Wow, that fixes all the issues I brought up
But it's a valid excuse to smell like that drug
You're talking about Battleborn, right?
TRUE
Cascadia steals a few key catchphrases from Texas, doesn't it?
I blame the CSS
how did I suspect this
The toxic control of the media by the hyper rich and monopoly capital is damaging American democracy.
That's not friendship.
Have you ever been in a Turkish prison?
Should've sponsored Montoya.
Freaking Sugar Diggers
But you should buy high quality pieces that will last years to come!
Friends
Gotta love the rule change mid wait.
You sound fun.
Maybe just a [[Chandra's Phoenix]] reprint
I don't like sweets
More like 3 minutes
"The Left", ever capitalised
Perhaps a dentist could come and confirm?
So he adds shopping free and perkaholic
It's a class on Statistics!
worthless guide, doesn't even touch on what to do if she's wearing headphones.
Well he's a secret muslim, we expect it from him.
The answer is to become a lesbian!
If you live on a mountain summit and your school is below it, then yes
If the kid kept running he would have been fine, but he sees the truck and just stops... what the fuck?
Yes but why would I need to have a problem with it and point it out?
Circuses with animals
So, which guns do you own?
We have taken back the country, now for the countryside!
And women spend time on Tumblr to stop that uncontrollable urge of being whores.
Nicely done!
No way, man....they're totally telling us what to care
You guys, this is more than likely a skit from the TV show Nathan For You.
But did you check her pedigree?
This is definitely a quality that I look for in a president
The op seems to dislike the beer in the comments.
And see where that got him?
UMG HALO DUTY 4 MODERN INFINITYWARD
Guys, come on, he just needs a chance to show what he can really do.
Super Bowl.
personally i'm going to wait for a mobile running tails
It's not rifleinmouth
I think I'd rather have a bicon, but he's not too bad for a 2/2.
Scott, get yo' busy ass over here!
The New York Times has officially made itself a propaganda arm of the Democratic National Committee.
Fuckin' dumb 2 year olds coming on here with no knowledge of the outside world.
Love how the black princess is in the back, in the most drab of outfits
Thank god
It'll never be good enough until Cruz takes someone down and causes the world to explode.
Boy She fucking killed someone
OP's just mad that 27 miles isn't within 25 miles
You're in Jakarta?
Instructions unclear, shot dead for "resisting"
Please stop
Your absolutism is pathetic
sooooo .... *ahem* "Not Alive" or "Not Applicable?"
Any time you turn deadly weapons towards another human it's friendly fire.
Love how Bradley just has his dog walking around the gym
No, because I don't lie to myself and realize that DH isn't a good character
But how else would we get more money out of people!
So that pastor just made Trump his bitch?
I think we can all agree Nuts n Bolts is the best Banjo game though.
Stellar work!
orange please
Lol "I've gotta get a cpap machine in order to keep my leprechaun farts under control"
Yeah, I hope they put in Lightning Ports too!
Because they're secretly mogwais, the light can kill them.
lol i know right, some kid bm's you on a bad day so his account should be banned permanently and immediatly.
tbf, you could also interpret these images as an Islamic country that isn't terrible ergo perhaps Islam can be practiced in such a way that it doesn't ruin civil rights.
Captain Partyman
could you give some tips maybe?
The elephants are dead, Long live the Jellyphant!
Instead of paying for an overpriced funeral, just dump the body
I prefer '2K17 Achievement List!'
Wow, ohmygosh, there are people who can watch GG and enjoy it instead of complaining all the time, that's horrible!
The Isley Brothers - Shout Marvin Gaye - Ain't no mountain Aretha Franklin - Respect Jackson 5 - ABC Nirvana - Rape Me
What?
And no outcry whatsoever on reddit, interesting.
... and inferior enums.
The area a match will illuminate and how fast a container will fill with water.
henry miller's a gator now?
Superman 64
Yeah, I have no idea what you're talking about
Obviously we must ban milk, it's evil.
Facts, logic, reason, evidence and equitable treatment of people in the court system are elements of the PATRIARCHY!
Weird since for my class and what I hear from 4th years the craze is in emergency medicine.
Is fun allowed?
Think you missed the implied
Hey now cops doing need accountability they're peaceful law protectors that never over step their boundaries.
Should have bought a 390
It looks lIke they are being tickled by ghosts.
CONFIRMED: PLAY MUSIC AND GMAIL GETTING CLOSER INTEGRATION.
W
Yeah but it'll be different this time!
*Sergio sighs* "This will be a bitch to clean."
Paul is gonna ask Hillary's DOJ to open investigation on the LP now.
Implying that they aren't complicit, directly or indirectly.
If you're not sure which activator to use, Microsoft Toolkit worked for me.
Taking selfies doesn't have the same behavioral background as using a hat sorry.
Deal with it!
Battlecry by Nujabes
Phenominal
#SaveISIS
Luckily, all those suffering people had Teresa there to make the calls for them
We already knew its not her as she has white skin.
Two more FNaFs confirmed?
You can't be sane and type Eggs Benedict as your name.
All the bullies are the Fredbear plush confirmed.
Str0 bribing the refs to win the big one
Ah... finally someone to set these damn vegans straight!
Idk the next major is gonna be a clusterfuck so some good teams will go out early in qualifiers.
Complaints about an employee following a new corporate policy Imagine that
She will wonder why she never gets to go through express again
Yeah this was Welsh erasure tbh
Jkap confirmed jetpacker
That's amazing, how did their IVs turn out?
There are if Custer doesn't make the Chase
Voting for status quo candidate is the most privileged thing you can do.
They sure did a good job of predicting the Brexit
Bye.
Some great discussion going on down there in the ESPN comments
You can't crush a PS4
Yea, I thought the sarcasm was obvious.
This subreddit is dying because it doesn't have a 10% sub to vote ratio.
Unforgivable, I honestly feel like the joke has been just ruined
It was Russia, obviously...
It originated from God
*a
Sitting in a chair in an air conditioned office is not hard work lol
But how will people know how fucking cool I am if I'm not chucking massive as tits clouds?
Ludicrous!
No no, there is definitely some illuminati shit going on here
But...but...mah SJW worldview!
other people would agree with me that shotguns are overpowered, i play decent to great, but shotguns make people who aren't good make it seem like it new op shotguns make bad people think they're good
I'm surprised an Indian guy can't even camel cap right.
Can you elaborate more about how you applied and got into the University of Hawaii?
Tighter underwear would be my suggestion.
Yep, wouldn't be surprised if they were all cheating
Not a blackiimov so unfortunately not too much more :(
Yeah, it sounds like she didn't want to be the only fuck up!
It's outdated because nowadays polish people come to Germany for work
Because here in America, unlike your fucked up home land were free to choose if we live in permanent poverty, or die of renal failure... No god dammed dictators are gonna tell us we live healthy productive lives with our new kidney!
According to MSNBC, Trump or his campaign said that they thought he was fair.
smh this isnt real what kinda girls are impressed by supreme
pls stop calling me shirley
Well I just killed a D-13 and lost all my altitude so I decided to stop clubbing 262s for a bit and just groundpound.
Why hello there.
Fair enough, I'm glad that someone took the time to really look at it instead of simply saying "No" or something
Did you just assume her ethnicity you shitlord
OP better create another thread showing an after shot of the title cleaned up so we have closure.
Ok, where you at?
Did anyone mention the fingerless gloves the Lil' Arnies wear?
This just serves to prove that you have to upgrade tour pc every two weeks to keep up with consoles
Why are there so many referees on the field?
Can someone toss us a link to the tournament stream?
Yeah, who gives a shit about a QB that was on the Ravens and did well in preseason in a subreddit dedicated to the Ravens?
You can blame Obama and Hillary for stirring shit up with Putin.
Why cant we put them into holes outside of eve?
What you mean DSaF?
Did you forget to draw the rest?
WE'RE ALL FUCKED
Up his ass?
yeah, but where's my super cheap, super abundant electricity to placate my moral apprehension about the fact that we're collectively agreeing to let the crown corp go f@#$ nature up, override private property rights, as well as basically continue to flauntingly disregard the promises to respect indigenous people's concerns?
And the name of my grandma, two of the older ladies I work with at Lowe's, and the 40 year old (who also works at Lowe's) who still looks really good and must've been a total knockout when she was younger.
pressed crouch after every shot, must be hacking
Wow, great answer
Excuses, excuses... First, it was because of the rakshasa, now they were evil assassins...
Because you're suppose to ease them in with chairs and barbed wire.
Lots and lots of rallies
You seem like a great partner to have.
Never seen this error before
RIP Cavs' chances of repeating
The homogeneity of weapons is a metaphor for the encroaching hegemony of American capitalist interests, ***obviously***.
#FUCKTHENUCKS
Ooooo.. You still ain't shit
Sounds like you had a bad connection and the game started without you.
Of course Thomas Davis does.
Where is my man with the camcorder, ya catch my *drift*
Anyways, everyone knows that the trick to moving at c is to first go -c, and then bounce off a rubber sheet.
Man, whomever tried to **expose her** by handing her the bottle **(knowing you NEVER hand the Queen something to be grasped and twisted, else the Plebes will find out)** before remembering she needs a **prepoured cup**, is probably going to have an *unfortunate accident* being flung off that plane
Hate the americans!
Bold military action is just the thing Americans are calling for.
That looks like a pretty full arena to me
It's there incase you forgot you lost, duh.
On the bright side, half of 0% is still 0% so our chances of getting the skin don't really diminish now that the event is over.
But muh weak SEC schedules!1!1!
There's no tension at all between them, how do you not see this?
After seeing the video in question I'm glad you did too, it's great stuff and I'll be sure to check for more.
Is this answer for BL2 or BL1?
I know the feeling; these little libraries are so stupid.
That screenshot is clearly 60fps
But we need a "strong leader" like Duterte or Putin!
want to play a campaign now?
mythic + isnt out yet comes out same time as the raids release
Give a man a wife and he will get laid once in a while, give a man a sex lave and he will be set for the rest of his life
I do and have.
that's racist
Holy hell that queen hair looks sexy af on elezen female
Where do I plug my Nvidia Riva TNT2 AGP4x card in my fairly new ASUS motherboard?
but they IDENTIFY as black, shitlord
Oh but everyone benefits from streamers benefiting!
Hey man, if a game is good but the devs don't cater to me it should fail because they're ruining the industry.
This is political correctness run amok.
Yea, it's not like we're talking about real human beings whose lives have value or anything, amirite?
He probably doesn't understand how Apple products work...
I wish I lived in the US :((
It was the golden age of commentary on RAW.
But if nice guys don't tell you what you're doing wrong, how are you supposed to know?
Can two extra fingers on a hand actually help you that much?
Goddamnnit'!
Please do!
Yeah, Damn English can't speak American, amirite?
So original
rip mobo maybe?
What's the point of less down force?
His tax plan would have devastating effects on the economy.
them paying their debts ofc
okay fine then put him in A
GTAV
They added it to my Effexor, which generally works well for me, so now I take just that :)
"Diversity" also means using affirmative action to get wealthy white women into positions of power.
Is second place not good enough?
It's written right there on the video lol :D
I deleted it, so you can go about your day being a grade A badass
In zombies, NO WAY!
If you use those specific electrodes but the majority don't dry out.
Just Asian then?
How many YouTube vids did you have to watch to achieve that?
think he forgot
Everything other that maybe 3 or 4 items is a link to threads in SAIG which basically amount to opinion.
All this proves is how corrupt the NY AG office is
He went full country black for that speech
Go to space.
This joke is too big to fail
I so want to downvote you out of jealousy
Yeah, because technology *definitely* can't advance over the years
Thanks for the support!
You made that sound awful (ly convincing), you should run for office.
And they will call the insurrectionists, "conspiracy theorists"
You forgot the
Yeah, it's almost like people do this on their own anyways...
Idea: use flight perk to relocate cows and other livestock into your base, then use a medkit on them to revive, THEN milk them once a day
You dropped this
Pfft next they'll be asking him to apologize for freedom!
Uhh Lebron did play with Shaq
Well tbh mccree does get countered by genji, but I def understand your point, I play lucio in solo since no one picks healers, The amount of times I've just started getting hit in the back wondering how they even got there is too much, I've mainly learned to just jump around wall riding as much as possible non stop and hope they can't hit me.
Gee, what do you think we do to deal with "rabble rousers"?
You're not one of those conspiracy nuts who believes in editing, are you?
Big scary Red country
But... Clinton kept email on this server instead of that one!
You're probably right
Ik had het er bewust buiten gelaten, want als je een menselijk schild gebruikt mag je wel aanvallen maar niet aangevallen worden.
Ali G.
Idk, Kirk's been causing some ruckus with his music choice in the weight room.
That's fuckin' racist against Hispanics dude.
I think it would be great to have a slider for this to cost hope mixed the reaction is.
he's a genuinely cool dude who actually plays for his team and is really good at the game why not push for his content
Because responsible adults never make mistakes or have lapses in judgment, right?
From the thumbnail I thought those were two extremely large volcanoes.
He only did that so they'd have reasons to spread, duh!
here you dropped this
Hitler actually had no problem with Muslims(I really don't get it till today) That means, Trump supporters are literally worse than Hitler
Well, Apple did buy Beats by Dre couple years back so I'm sure the earphone prices will be reasonable for the quality you get.
He seems very fun at parties
doesn't seem to be the case, since it's been almost 2 months since they filmed their first studio setup.
Random Speech Therapist from Missouri '16!
Fuckin liberals and their no tolerance for curse words
No luck, these pre sale codes were sure worth it!
Huh, could have sworn it had something to do with labour
An alt-right historian might say your views of history are biased because you are an ANTI-WHITE REVISIONNIST CUCK !
For when the numpad stops working.
This just in , Microsoft claims "PC gaming is dead" due to no one being able to download or play Halo 5 Forge, continues to claim only the Xbox One has enough power for gaming
Yes, but that won't take you from a size 2 to a size 22.
lol its funny because WHITE PRIVILEGE XD
This is like babys first troll.
Because you're never gonna be with a girl anyways so you might as well be gay.
BUT IT'S SO OOOOLD!
But...but...other people are playing it WRONG!
Doesn't matter how good he is, he'll still get just a purple crate.
Yea comey is a clinton plant!
Yes, this story illustrates that perfectly
But Russia!
Yeah... they better not fucking drop the 30 pin connector, because i'm going to bail if they do
Yea I'm sure they weren't that motivated to win the Super Bowl without it
Reread my comment again, I said in the finals as he was really poor for the CL final and practically absent in the euro final
How dare you assume the recipient's gender like that!
Pfft I just took the ripped off price of the blunt pack and rolled that up and shoved it in.
And the Democrat and Republican candidates would definitely show up too.
Well, I've *basically* already sold my soul to them whats else to lose?
love how she was just waiting for him to deny something so she could whip out that binder and just destroy him.
that's so last year
yea.. could definetly be something.. spooky spooky
The FNAF spinoff
With a username like that, neither are you.
You know the counter is not to shoot her right?
Waddup vidlq imma let you guys finish but you're breaking the rules
you forgot
Well Androids just aren't courageous enough then
Paid troll spotted!
Mods, is there going to be a dedicated Veep Debate Roundtable or will we discuss the debate in the Evening Roundtable?
I'm sure it will work Great!
It's only 3 inches, if mounting points are good you could just call them blast pipes like the hoonigan guys.
Reddit is too innovative for Apple
cars with 3 pedls lik i dnt hav 3 ft wtf?
*proceeds to wash dishes*
Oh i thought you were talking about soraka top i was a bit skeptical haha
but they improved to sometimes get a team out of groups, the gap's closing
It's always nice knowing people would be okay with killing me if I had a lower IQ.
OP I can see you respond here why couldn't you just reply, the poor nice guy should be given a chance!
Yes plus everytime Indian says something against Partition, we just clam down since they arent willing to talk solutions bus living in the past
What about Chaos and Solo Chaos tho?
PPMD already made an incredibly good video about that topic.
Ok
Just watched syriana.. Good documentary
UCF - UCONN is clearly at the top of any list.
That's the only future potential this case has and it might not even happen considering the heavy criticism Valve received with the introduction of it.
The father was later quoted as being unsure if it's worth going through the trouble of getting it exchanged.
The only authority I can actually claim
I know, McAfee would have been sooo much better
Glad to see he always chokes this hard
Better take a look around.
BSODs
And caste system..
Well I guess you're not holding them the right way.
yeah but Gary Johnson is polling at 5%
*whoosh*
Lighten the fuck up
Check your privilege!
Oh no no no, the audio jack HAS to die, how else is Apple going to force you to use their proprietary headphones instead of the 20 dollar pair you like?
You are obviously a weak man
Oh no, now people who don't go on cruise ships will shop there too
No, you see, birthing a child instantly makes you smarter and more competent in all things.
C
Well this explains why I'm a failure sorry DD.
That's good, because American small business owners treat their employees well, better than Walmart treats people
Aliens
Aw, well hope the problem is fixed soon for ya.
You mean 5.5"
Did you drop this?
And what tower did her cell phone ping off
So I can backup my 128GB MacBook Air to my iPhone 7
Ah yes, the plecos natural home, the reef.
Nah I'm pretty sure that's about the same
Looks like he really lost his touch over the offseason.
You can feel the keys, it's got haptic feedback.
YOUR SOUL!
That zoom was pretty unnecessary, and it looked kinda dumb.
There's a difference?
dunno ask Jewbagel cause he named his JizzBucket lol
A V-neck: "ask me about my cleavage"
#BILL
Launcher: Action Launcher 3 Icon Pack(s): Glyphsy, Articons Widget: SimpleWeather
you're not #1, keep grinding, stop slacking
Not sure any show it.
So obviously not very fast.
No I'm reacting defensively to a piece of utter trash being taken as gospel.
Keep Kitsilano White!
you're a fucking idiot no
But...but...but... uh.... magic!
A guy was walking out the bank after a big deposit and was approached by the two douchebags in the bike, after realising he didn't have the money anymore they took his briefcase and the guy tried to take it back but they pushed him off and scaped on the bike, after a street or so they crashed with a truck and witnesses called the police
I forgot storm had an aghanims, I thought this was a troll post.
was funny, still dont like you :)))
Because it's 2016 and superman can be black
TIL asking a question was whining... Thanks for answering it though quality contribution
He's the best QB this decade!
yup-- all dem fancy werds
So it's not double Ld?
Happening 9/21 apparently... Enough time to do some solid DD for yacht day.
Yeah, I'm sure Tundra buyers would totally go for a hybrid, as would GT86 buyers.
She's just looking for an excuse to abuse men.
Good for her big business donors most certainly.
On iPad Air, crashed 4 times fighting Ifrit 2*.
America was never safe
Yeah, blind dogs hate when you play with them
Yeah, because every Shinigami uses Kidou, or is good at Kidou.
That's for them and only them you misogynist
Because that doesn't fit the narrative that Apple is evil and took away the headphone jack because they think it'll help them squeeze more money out of us like the corporate assholes that they are.
From what I hear, there's a better variation to this joke.
Yeah, treating a woman you boned with respect - how cringey.
Murdock has no eyes bruh
Because some people will only ever amount to the success of others?
It's not an
Lucky you
Why not both?
Holy shit I love rumble
You can also "accidentally" stab someone in the neck but that's not very rational thinking.
Sarcasm
wenigstens mal keine gelben briefe
paging u/Luke_Lafreniere
But we all support theft and are all criminal sympathisers
What else was he supposed to do, show sympathy and appear weak like Obama?
Can you give me examples of what you're talking about?
"Some Bitch" Sorry, Charlotte.
I think we should pass more subsidies, then the poor CEO's wouldn't have to suffer
It's not stupid, its advanced
You'll always be young so clearly you'll always be healthy!
INB4 Trumpers counter with "all walk 'til she collapses lol" zinger Nah, but I'm happy to say I've gone from begrudging supporter to "fuck yeah" supporter.
Specific facts make this so believable!
Ten years after the exoneration.
I thought he was against jokes!
The correct answer is always "Don't let your dreams be dreams..."
they did it so that old gen guardians will feel more at home on the current gen systems
I wonder when they'll start selling them individually as replacement for lost airbuds...
It's a Sirlock, quite the rare and gentlemanly creature.
But a robot told us so it has to be true!
Oh, so you hate black people?
I can't believe Samsung is forcing people to buy exploding phones
Uh....*The Shadow*?
Eu, it's never sunny.
This is sitting next to Everest: on a wishlist waiting for a sale.
0,1,1,2,3,5,8,13...
And if you don't watch your shitty mouth, there'll be one more!
No they're not
I bet this makes a big difference!
Revolutionary!
I'm shocked and stunned that government cuts and an outdated stance on drugs is doing more harm than good
I think it's only bosses you can backstab, but don't quote me on it
How generous of them.
Heard some (but didn't see them) while at the Cask Ale fest in Ritchie.
New 3D Sony Playstation 4 XL
Nothing expresses more individuality than wearing a shirt that lots of individuals wear.
Should be easy with the multitude of drill bits we have access to now.
Lightning cable master race
If Monty's actually evil then he might just become my favorite villain ever, passing up good ol' Handsome Jack (Borderlands)
Just some teens looking for cash to pay for school supplies and clothes.
Don't reply to me you circlejerker
VERY close friends tho
it's always more tragic when they kill the beautiful ones
That was the point, but again sarcasm escapes us unless we put a
W A V Y A V Y
Price is bad now
And the aggression level is only based on numbers 1-10, so the fact he ended up with 255 is still fucking hilarious to me
A third party vote is a wasted vote
Lol my house is older than ur country hahaha
Kirby vs Mewtwo in Melee
Not sure if you watch LPL but HappyY and GODV are in different teams..... (Former in NewBee, Later on LGD) and also GODV changed his IGN back to We1less again and he played very good.
Reynad
You ignore them in champ select then you mute then in-game
could you add smerrywell?
People would literally do anything for views/attention
And the fact it's shit beer.
Yeah, fuck him for not wanting people to have 70% of their income stolen from them
no that seems about right
I hope that is
If Mylan company wants to dodge this bullet, they only need to replace their Democratic connected CEO with a Republican connected CEO.
Oh the poor pitiful things.
Ofc you banana
Can we finally make our own SlurmTM?
Yeah, cause Savea is shit at the breakdown.
Pilot executions should also be invulnerable for consistency!
Hold my hand while I watch this, my dear hunters.
that was actually about his worst concussion, not his current one lol
I'm not so worried about the 8 lost bombs; they take a lot of maintenance to remain useable and would have long corrorded into nothingness, what concerns me is the use of 'approximately'; it may be 8 or 15, maybe 12 we're really not too sure.
He's not cheating you're just a silver scrub
Confirmed KT-4 and masamune can be upgraded to spill yellow gue
De Bruyne is some player
Didn't think I needed a
Get on my lvl kiddo B)
Yeah, they tend to be bigger fans of 'ludes.
You forgot
They sparked the conversation
*you're
What was he even hoping to achieve doing any of that?
Did you take this picture with a phone?
I'm sorry, why do you seem to hate job creators so much?
Tell me all about this free speech you're required to have on a private website?
why are you preparing for the lsat right after taking the act
But what about Tebow?
I know that was a joke, but it's the Note 7 that is combusting, not the s7 ;)
I'm saying that the "fact checkers" in Mittens case used facts and TP here is using polls.
Stoning women for getting raped...yes what a progressive country, indeed.
Shouldn't there be a scumbag hat in there somewhere?
That's why your username is rude
No like completely forgetting about me, these were girls with broken families and not a lot of money.
I don't think Hillary was the one saying Mexicans are sending their rapists, but yeah - democrats are the ones using racial fear mongering.
Samsung should sue the battery manufacturer
best ship
Cause then all his classmates will think he's a nerd.
Traitor
How dare u not list Phi Phi?
No I'm not original enough to think to do something like that.
You forgot the
He wavecheats right after the teleport too
Uh yeah thats why Trump said he would overturn gay marriage and thats why Pence has a proven record of such positivity with the LGBT community!
Bavaria ist not Germany!
that doesn't happen in the card game, play that instead
I just got back from the Philippines and I thought about an upcoming audit, am I able to deduct the entire trip
Then OpTic could be Clay Octane FormaL and Slasher, right?
Are you in your second year of IB or your first?
Yes because its "even worse" to disrespect women, gotcha
But she's family *nothing* else matters
Nooo you don't understand, I must cry about something I don't understand and they should cater to my needs...
Because dying and waiting 30 seconds for a respawn is a lot more fun than being revived by your teammate
Just wait until you see the video '13 minutes of your plumber lying' then you might reconsider!
Yay he finally have less air mobility than pharah
He's only good because he's on the same team as Kane
hey buddy, do some research before you make assumptions, its 1km
Man I should invest in this and solar powered roads
Derr, there is no such thing as reverse racism, do they can't be racist!
Oh lovely, so they really know what good choices are.
Ubisoft has really used that $60 at launch, for a multiplayer only game, in such a great way to improve the game
Shut the fuck up you stupid fucking cunt.
So it works as a modern movie trailer then
Thanks
Seriously, why are there no good games anymore besides Witcher 3?
As if they wouldnt do it without obamacare, same as minium wages destroys fast food jobs.
We've had spongebob memes for months now
Cool, I can't wait for more updates!
Pitch forks incoming as soon as Yodel deliver them, so it could be three weeks and left in a wheelie bin, two streets away.
Should mention in the title that it's about 5 minutes - because it looks like it's going to be ~38
But what if someone breaks into your house and switches all your computers to OS X?
Clearly that's just your misogyny talking.
Easy for you to say with your male privledge, how can a women buy a bike or car when they only earn a penny for every hundred dollars a man makes...for doing the same job!
Sounds like we have someone trying to do some damage control over here.
So we can see the headline of a newspaper on the table behind Captain America that reads "Havoc in Harlem"...
Only because the computer wasn't "beautifully tuned"
This is exactly how your 6 year old that "hates vegetables" grows up to be a 26 year old that "hates vegetables".
The Fusion suit and Light suit are my favorites, and the Maxed-out PED suit was really cool too.
why would I want XBoxes in my Rust?
"penalty" "ronaldo" real madrid fan
One game seems like a reasonable sample size to use to get so upset at a season.
I think the bmw part is either a meme or result of the Reddit hive-mind but either way it's not accurate
Im a cracker and I find this offensive.
BUT HES A FIRST BALLOT HALL OF FAMER
The thought of characters in the world I create, trying to create a portal through the multiverse and busting into my room to tell me to write a decent story, amuses me, so yes, I do now see myself as a God.
Its almost like people die and positions get overrun in battles, never would have thought it though !
I feel that the gutter is more similar to blighttown personally.
Your unbiased ageism is offensive, if I had a safe room in my house, I would go there right now.
what a shitty kicker Lulz is... he can't even make a kick that has been done 10 times in the history of the NFL.
CGI
You forgot
Nothing to see here, less than a million isn't a real bribe.
It wont be after tonight
Hey, if he follows through, that makes him a better dev than the NMS guys
Cigarette butts and paper.
Mine is playdoh logitech
Holy shit who knew that Procurers were actually decent at killing things lol guys
Fluoride?
Great now I can't like Jeff Gordon anymore thanks
Sexist!
[I was thinking more in terms of artillery]
Same here, gone mix, no regret.
Miles morales amirite
kys
Which is 3843 miles and will give your number to every scammer if you ever change network.
Oh Ralph...
I might be missing something but I couldn't see any other way of obtaining Obsidian for a nether portal.
C-strings
In war, everyone who has tried anything but level 4s on a TH9 has whiffed.
Lied
Good thing it's such a unique pet- you need to tame a raid boss, so only hardcore mythic raiders who can sacrifice boss' loot have them!
I haven't done any research yet, but how much money is coming from George Soros?
Soul by Ludacris is a shit ton better than Beats
Oh good, I always wanted to learn about the nature of the force in a series of tweets.
except he didn't save him, cause he still died.
Crysis 3
next thing you know they'll add play of the game
I'll always upvote a Dead Kennedys reference.
144 is indeed imposed now.
That's cos it's fake maths of course.
mainstream media oppression
try bringing a fake bomb to a school and see what happens.
A little rock will appear at the back of the pad after you do the grave step
Sally is publically indecent in a diner.
But it can't be pointless, it gives 1,600 points when used
Yeah Motbob c'mon man it's your job geez
They said the same thing to all those candle makers who lost their jobs after the invention of the light bulb
Here, you dropped this:
Yea and honestly the "cup of cocoa and a Disney movie" thing gives me pedo vibes
Yeah, because governments do such a great job of regulation.
Whoa dude, spoilers!
Your car must overheat alot with that AMD cpu then
Sorry, should have added
Well, i was already aware that we are the test team
Yes, because people express opinions for the purpose of being funny and entertaining.
Well seeing as how y'all are too scared to play us in a bowl game, I guess the only way we'll play is if the playoff committee forces us to
The token approach gives flexibility to add new rewards later, maybe 5-6 tokens to get any legendary weapon of your choice, with random rolls (gunsmith colored/ornamented).
She didn't shut her knees and mace him, duh!
People are over looking a major fact, we have NEVER lost in the newly renovated stadium
The activity or the cartoon?
So you're saying death to all black people then?
You just don't understand children
Much better to let them bitches starve like god intended, right?
It doesn't matter how much damage we do to the Earth, because God will take care of it when it comes time.
Bad luck at peak, what don't you understand?
Because when I think of true strength, I think of an old hag with pneumonia.
I believe he meant 7" not 7'
the comments are probably just a texture glitch.
haha you know it's cosplay because there were no black people in 1950's America
What's Tebow at these days?
I think we are barely in the tunnel that the only light is the light behind us since we are still by the entrance of said metaphorical tunnel.
If you ain't coonin you ain't winning
Great plan
You forgot
Cut out the scene where his penis can barely reach her because of his gut and him getting out of breath after about 5 seconds of humping.
There you are making your assumptions against "His proven word"
Golden rule to live by: "People who cheat with you will cheat on you".
Well I hope Hillary and all her supporters get anal fissures after Harambe rapes them
Bah, he wouldn't think that many steps ahead, would he?
Someone with a great sense of humor, that's who!
lol man, when it's dry it's dry, when it rains, it floods cities and leaves a trail of destruction in its wake.
yikes yeah true, I like the verse though and I feel like people write it off as technical ability too much.
Queen of stealing song titles
Found the Tracer
Chain Chronicle never died after all!
Here, you dropped this:
Just a prank bro
But why install physical rams when you can download them?
as a honduran, id like to see that :^)
google: bungabunga party
Don't make fun of them guys, they don't know any better
the rest of us call that 'tuesday'
She was cool, but did they really have to force a plot point in order to give an excuse for her to have a 'boob window'
FIX YER SHIT BLIZZ
I hope I did not leave you with any regrets
Since when did the RX 480 have 3.5 GB of VRAM?
nah dude just watch the korean stream
Riiiight because I can mod the game on console
Yes, because the only way to deal with things you want to change is to run away from them.
"Pound the mound" Giggity
what a super rational and logical response.
Mom's spaghetti
to visit the official forums of course
You can have that, as long as i can have a cannon that shoots bombs which explode into a ravenous swarm of the little blocky creatures you see roaming around Pantheon.
It's a lightning glitch
You mean dishonored
But there will be all sorts of jobs, programming, fixing and building AI!
Yeah, he's an Uncle Tom
LIMP RACIST CROOKED HILLARY
You must really be the life of a party where ever you go.
Wow - mucho denial... but at this point - anything is possible, so maybe it's really caused by meteors falling from the sky?
as you can see on this flag of the Consuls, it's missing fringe which makes it an admiralty flag
donald trump is a bigot
Are you sure it wasn't just a lag spike mebe?
Wat
Anecdotal evidence used to make a conclusion about EVERY phone with AMOLED displays My last two phones have had burn in therefore you're wrong and it's a serious problem
Visual Glitch
So... you like it?
I'm unable to participate, here's the code that was sent to me (not sure if you can use it): TWOTWO6M-3BNN-PET I also have one more uplay invite, first to PM gets it.
You learned a little about ancient architecture and now you believe that there was progress before the enlightenment?
No no no, us average viewers clearly know way more about your team and the locker room and players than your own head coach.
"Costa Rica has been running on 100% renewable energy for seven years."
My home planet was a Horsebutt :(
envy
Het is immers diefstal!
Wow, I wonder what type of computer Weldon was using @21:00
Evidence please?
*Wondering if I need to decrypt the text, or if he's already fixed it*
Because Fleming is running for a Senate seat where he is polling even with David Duke
Ok, flying biters, then.
Can it run Crysis?
Oh yeah, that's totally okay then.
Because cops are immune to your peasant laws...
Wow this is really cool!
shhh everyone knows those polls showing Trump supporters are hateful morons were faked by the lamestream media
It is perfectly normal to fear something that has clearly stated they want to kill the non believers and are carrying out those actions daily around the world.
"Some players like bad cards"
Look at all the Correct the Record shills swooping in and downvo....Oh...wait....
Don't conflate global averages with local minimums or maximums.
Not enough progress to get rid of the Ravens tee!
1:30
A different codex.
You forgot the
He died of old age.
I thought it was because requiring ID is racist?
Flynn...if only he was playable in more than just a single fight...
how dare he
Yeah, I think shit went down and pug will most likely sue the shit out of the roof dicks and whatever company did the quote or w/e so we won't know for awhile.
I thought the FCC was good for consumers...
Can't escape the STEM advice on Reddit anywhere you go.
No, I need to pay some videowhore to be happy
Great
Nice reupload
but it benefits the consumers because the producers will pass on the savings!
Probably 18/0/12, less deaths more assists is the way to go
Ugh, women, am I right?
It's chav/bogan It's frowned upon to say it (argue all you like - saying fam in a serious manner just makes you look like a low class fool)
Its a teaser for a stealth hero
I think you dropped this:
But the crew already has a chef!
Oh, well in that case he should just let that happen.
FAKER BJERGSEN BJERGSEN BJERGSEN BJERGSEN EXPECT
Yeah cause they clearly care about the headphone jack
his wife is part of the nevertrump movement anyways, she likes it like that.
They can't get rid of him... that Underdog Lady material is just way too good.
3 shots seems just lil bit too few.
yeah lets support a hacker
As much as I like watching Scott Adkins kicking people in the face I'm not sure he has the acting chops to pull off a character role
If only Apple would build in hardware buttons right on the side of the device that could raise and lower the volume anytime you wanted, without even opening control center... wouldn't that be something?
50 request for donor forms seems like a low number
not waving at other bikers kys
Right, it isn't as if culture is fluid and already in a constant state of change already.
"I agree that women's opinions don't matter to anyone, and that they shouldn't comment on things at all"
Je kan altijd nog Enterprise kijken
Looks like someone ended up at r/pcmasterrace.
No, it's because jail should be meant for serious offenders, like marijuana possession charges or unpaid parking tickets.
It's obviously because you don't wear hats!
So you're saying Canada is an option?
Can you PM me the cutscene audio?
Those Facebook comments tho...
pfffffftttt, no one wants your scrub foils!
Looks better than margot
ITT: people getting super salty over "very rough power rankings" in an article that should be about analyzing Group A
Downvote for mule kick
A solid block of aluminum surrounded by petroleum jelly inside another solid block of a aluminum.
It's not too difficult, and requires just a bit of luck!
Because much like her attempts at redemption, it's cheap.
What a new and original joke
Must be a CVS receipt they probably only bought a single pack of gum.
That's for autism dumbass.
I'm only in it for the prostoglandins.
Never.
And if you don't make $200, just work longer hours!
If only guns were illegal this would have been avoided!
Woohoo can't wait for Hillary to stop this kind of stuff..
The shareholders that matter (the board of directors) are in on it.
did you just assume my gender?
How is *anywhere* in New Zealand isolated?
You mean to suggest that there are contradictions in the Bible?
I hope Irumodic Syndrome isn't contagious.
Russians do.
It's his fucking house you moron, he can do what he likes with it.
If you are going to compare products, you could at least compare buds to buds, or even wireless to wireless.
I bet he wouldn't have been so gentle if he was black!
No I think he's a cunt and hope he fails.
Idgaf im watching cartoons till I die
Let Jesus Christ into your heart and stop visiting such degenerate cesspits of sin.
Being true to the law of eternal progression I see.
Hmmm... I never thought of that because "old ppl reporting stories in a serious tone = news integrity" But you make a valid point, thinking back, it was more about selling the drama of the story above anything else.... I guess I was just memorized by the ticking clock
Save that for when TSM wins worlds
Men can't be the victim of sexism because of The Patriarchy^^^TM
4v4
Just rinse your cardiovascular system with peroxide....
actually
It's just crazy enough to work!
Typical fucking deluded Geordies thinking everyone hates them
you act like theres much difference between those two scenarios
So this is why it always takes contractors 10x longer than their original estimate
But Trump and his Russian Oligarchs!
Those trees must have been blowing around pretty hard and the lens stabilized them.
Upnooted
Yeah, that's exactly what stated.
All men matter!
Well now, if only all these straight people would stop having all these gay babies, we could straighten this world out once and for all
I mean you are a septon....
If I remember correctly, he wanted to do a psychological horror about how the town of Haddonfield was dealing with the tragedy of Michael Myers.
Which is why having a profile on Tinder is a great idea.
Barnes ain't shit without Doug confirmed
He's obviously trying to kick the other player
Apparently as are the players... should be renamed garbage of the storm
But it's central Florida!
Yeah but then we're technically right.
I am not close to my family, but if that was their response I would have a few choice 4 letter words and quickly end that conversation and relationship if pressed further.
All of them because I have cancer.
Winnipeg meetup when?
For marketing, how else would they know who wants to hear about pink accessories?
Sliced bread.
I loved running through buildings with a skull over them frantically injecting my syringe into corpses with no fucking idea if it was the guy who was dead or not.
Clearly a biased review, sponsored by AMD.
yea man, good series.. of course I missed GM3 but they were saying it was a blow out so I guess I didnt miss much
It's not we do it all the time but then cops get in trouble for it.
Once again he was truly Invisible in a match
Can't wait to use these in the 4 or 5 desert conflicts we are so invested in.
That's what you get for not multiboxing five of your class and maining the lucky one that got the legendary drop.
Because it's "extreme water"
Delver 4 Lyfe!
You forgot your
just a kind stranger offering you a drink and you decline it, how rude...
It's just a sweat suit, he was just trying to hit the weight class for CWC
What grown women are cute babies are hot, its basic logic
-Check's recent post history- Yup, okay your post makes more sense now.
All aboard the Korean hype train!
They would be isolated in their own planter boxes, which wouldn't allow the roots to penetrate into the structure, so never would be my guess.
Darn warrior princesses going around, fighting the good fight for centuries, teasing us mere mortals.
A note7?
Well obviously Obama couldn't have used it.
But we don't need glass steagle, right?
Greece, France, whatever, these Europeans all look the same.
Tell them it's a good way to prevent you from doing drugs and getting involved in gang violence.
Alpha
she thicc tho
MTV *must* be paying South Dakota law enforcement to make Adam look bad...I knew it.
T
You can right-click the taskbar to open the task manager instead of using Ctrl+Alt+Del.
And where it is all women, there will be more drama
Well you need some balls
Yeah clearly that's what I meant
Thresh's "Death Sentence" is quite fitting as well...
tbh it looks like she is wearing an swimsuit under an too short jeans.
True entrepreneur
It's not like the police have the resources to find out land ownership before accusing the civilians, right?
what a coincidence that your usernames are so similar.
But it wasn't her!
Wow, with a explanation like that someone should definitely sue them for every cent they have.
You for got the
He was just at my desk drinking coffee and didn't mention it.
nuh uh
God just ruins everything, doesn't he?
Thanks!
Adam Gase: The Running-Back Whisperer
Wow white people have no culture.
Nice frame, but I think you should replace the painting.
Because that bit of soil you have there makes it San Diego specific....
In the future when insurance companies ask (and eventually lobby for a law to require) you hand over your google travel data so they can constantly adjust your car insurance based on your driving habits.
Its not gold, it gotta suck.
oh jeeze this is as shocking as it will be when trump beats hillary.
but, but, but Hillary said she won't change her positions or use a time travel machine to go back and reverse history so her positions are customized to my own worldview... hence I will sulk and disengage until someone wholly convinces me I should act in my own interests... that'll teach 'em.
They should have made the bezel even bigger to fit all that stuff in.
Trigger Warning.
I have to admit, I was pretty fucking proud of that.
Your a racist and a sexist and i hope your happy voting in hitler.
Election Commission, Congress and BJP are out to get AAP, Modiji is a Psychopath!
I need an audition tape to evaluate
yeah you're actually just a complete fucking retard
Given how they have "fixed issues" in the past I guess one would say it's time to say Goodbye to the appraisal system.
I appreciate you sending a whole bunch of samples and then full sized balms of your range to me in Australia..and agreeing to pack them in bubble wrap ;)
so kick kfo
Fiverr
You mean you don't want to be an eternal womb, spouse to an infinite sperm fountain?
Might as well be though
A strongly worded letter will surely follow if they are found guilty
Is that German Empire flag there, in front of Britain(minus Northern Ireland)?
Por fin van a entrar dolares!
[... How much does she owe you?]
I hope you dropped this:
Mfw PS4 only gets 60fps
They meant military, not animals
Damn you and your inconvenient facts, douche!
To be fair he's not the cheif at brietbart anymore
Everyone is entitled to their own opinion.
just put it in the oven.
confirmed useful module
Chinese tourists 100%
Alistair Overeem is half white so obviously that's the only reason people root for him.
Obviously you were using armor hacks.
Because BioWare writers never are inconsistent in how they characterize people and ideas
Yeah, lets replace the beautiful Singapore skyline with a rolex ad, that will look cool
Sorry, I dropped this.
RIP Lewis' room today
&amp;gt;knows how to use his words &amp;gt;the michael
Such a good use of money
NA jokes LUL
After FSU's showing today I'd like to see Jimbo go turn that program around
What, you don't think sleep deprivation-induced hallucinations are fun?
Did you just assume my age?
Seth Rich died in a botched robbery, stop spreading conspiracies against my abuela!
Classic Torts
And here I thought "sad frog" was an alt+right logo.
This guy gets it
Oh sorry, I forgot we didn't include Radiant Dawn in this
Well bang, ok?
Agreed - there are some great places like Drink in Boston where you tell the waitstaff or bartender what types of liquors/flavors you like and they bring a drink - usually something you haven't heard of before.
Sure, why not?
Rainbow sixty-three?
Well why wouldn't you, when paradise awaits?
You're right, and the only answer is to lump all black people together and hate them all
Because it isn't perfect in every conceivable way
Yes, I'm very sad this might not have happened.
My ex got drunk and beat the shit out of me in front of our youngest son
What is two girls one cup?
30 for those console peasants of course
How snide...
uh and Gary Harris?
As your team dies in the background
Definitely the kind of guy I'd like to play with.
its all labour's fault of course
She should def be scared of holes after that.
I would be down for all the coastal areas seceding from the inland and rural areas and form our very own Coastal Republic.
Mainly because they come out of your mouth?
I have no people to go out with
Downloading to my iBook G3 right now...
Pipelines are totally safe though guys.
At least *you're* on time.
I think this should be an annual qualification test for Police agencies everywhere to cut down on Police brutality.
Water, obviously
FILTHY WEEABOO
you dropped your
Yeah it might cause them irreparable harm.
Yeah apparently Russia is such a shithole that they can't afford to play a free to play game
what are you, a fucking jew?
I'm sure he triggered him with his white male Christianness, how could he not stab people after that?
If God offered you forgiveness and the chance to go back, would you take it?
Not overpowered at all
centipede and snake
Wuth Ivory being out again, I think Yeldon is a must start, especially in PPR
Yes, because he had such a cooperative Congress and nothing else to address over the past eight years ...
I find Levis to be very comfy.
ITS THE TECHNONITES!
I agree, Caveira and Shield Operators have went too long without a gun
Just classic profiling.
We are saved and no longer SINners
Find a job and move in with my partner
Because every single Muslim is an immigrant
Just as bad as the US American border with Mexico, amirite?
But its always the crackers sexualizing and objectifying the cheese, it's never the other way around
He only took 3 steps though.
Obviously if we had just banned assualy knives this would have never happened
Cologne is in Germany dumbass
Raid is now broken, nice job, Wrath of the Machine delayed into the next DLC
Yeah but Captain America didn't die in his second film so your argument is invalid.
kek (pbuh) be prasied.
Is your index fingernail split?
Thanks, fortunately my current regime is working fine and has been for some time, although I have had my fair share of emollients and salves from the doctors, not treating my skin like a pan shitty pan with burnt on scrambled egg seems to be doing the trick!
Xenophobe!
I don't even like him like that but Jayceon Taylor is far from washed up.
As a low spm player these score based contracts are un acceptable
Fuck this.
The general population is not an investigative conglomerate Okay, the general population *outside of reddit* is not an investigative conglomerate
I can confirm- see my post above.
sorry, I forgot this:
"boss of her ex" Well doesn't that explain everything right there?
Poor people won't get this
Sorry I forgot the
They're easier to get ahold of than books, so practically anywhere
I hope that's a
Cool then I'm voting for Kaine over trump and pence since I wouldn't even trust trump/pence to govern an Arbys let alone a whole nation
worst is trying to ulti the rein and someone just jumps into your crosshair and suddenly you ult the mercy
Like when I leave the bathroom and think to myself.... shit did I flush?
What I am generally curious its not as if I have any idea whats going on
The day Freedom died.
Well ya, but depending on the person, those two could both be true.
No I didn't because I got the mouse, it was just trash.
draw loads of tiny dickbutts on clear cellophane and tape them over the ends of each tube.
With all the outcry on RNG before the nerfs (and probably after) it's a bit funny to reflect on the ladder system
Guys, I thought we had agreed by know that Obama is an African born Muslim communist that kills christian babies every day.
gas the giges, race war now :DDD
Don't you hate it when Israel tries to make the Nazis look bad?
But Japan did some fucked up things too, that means white Christians aren't any worse than anyone else and we can't blame anyone for anything!
The small local companies are...
Personally, I would be a lot more upset if an SO witheld this from me than by the fact that she used to be a sex worker or stripper.
Really good argument.
It takes a long time to funnel your money into al queda... What do you think, they can use western Union?
We don't even *have* Norwegian commentators in the game.
Well it IS Jimmy Kimmel...
This man gets it.
Only if she is wearing red, it lasts for 2 hours, and has an updated health report from the last 24 hours.
Absolutely terrible, Felix actually looks boyish here.
You don't say?
Trade you a Dustin Byfuglien Home jersey size small that I've never worn.
IIRC, Brittan Golden is 10, and Jaxon Shipley wore 16.
Oh, in that case it's alright to discriminate against an entire subset of people based on their Arabic name.
You forgot the
What are you talking about, the pod in the tube is going over 400 mph, at that speed it will automatically cool the tube so there isn't a problem.
I was told all that happened to his stuff is it was tossed in the floor (clothing).
But she's living her dream!
Just a visual Glitch
Can't tell if you meant to include a
Your explanation is thoroughly helpful.
no no dude this is BIG NEWS
Yeah haha.
Do you mean Jetpack-Fighter?
They should trade for Tevin Coleman or CMike
is that the PS4 Pro
that's a beautiful 1280x720 jpg
when the leag watched how hard Pete slammed into Kearse on the sideline and said enought is enough
No he ment ROX and ANX
Because C9 has winning matchups in mid and bot I guess.
That's whatever, but I just don't want this to crash and burn, and everyone starts to hate the mods because they're salty
If Rivers go down next, then maybe it's a Spanos conspiracy to get the team to suck so bad, so that he can move his team to LA...
Oh come on guys, its not as big of a flop as Suicide Squad is, even though Suicide Squad made 3 times as much on a slightly higher budget.
That's why you always look down the barrel to make sure there are no bullets
Kap's only 29 years young and he's full of POTENTIAL!
why yes, I do firmly believe you are the only person out of millions of players that miss those events.
Yes, sorry, forgot the
Well when the umps bosses can't even criticize them why should players?
Idc I'll still fuck em
Yes this is the hidden FNAF ps1 game that Scott has been working on
yeah have time death runes and mobile boots so u can walk to lane faster as well as utilize ur death
Add me when you want to trade :)
I5 4460 , GTX 1060, 8GB RAM 2560x1080 max settings =60fps
Boooooooo
I got 6 Cubs tickets offered to buy cheap by 3 different people this year... When it was about to downpour rain in 3 hours.... Thanks guys.
None of the comments seem too critical or damning; I suspect it's moderated.
I always thought you had to do a suplex off the turnbuckle for the door to open
No one wants to see more of Hoboken.
"His hands were up in a threatening way"
Such a sacrifice
So its almost as good as Scorpio?
This is why I don't believe in oxygen, do you see that anywhere?
Yeah because she looked horrible against Leslie Smith at 140
Jump-casting and mid-air casting are two very different things.
Plus when you faint at the sight of all that blood and slime ... you know there will be trained medical staff standing right next to you to help
M46, M47 &amp; M48 too?
Of course, he bought the 4gb stick and then spent $600 on that special edition 30gb he saw on eBay.
Ugh what artist isn't copying Kanye these days
They can also work in the family farm!
Bitch, life alert cant save you from the body stealing shang Tsung; he'll just rape your soul
Is this sarcasm?
Shame he didn't run for president or something.
That's how I signal my wife from across the store...she LOVES it!
Way to assume there are only 2 genders
The ladies will swoon for sure
Nije dobio koncesiju od HAKOM-a za email.
Lol wealth inequality = great depression
Why would he when he can use it to test your faith?
Stop giving away the secrets to outsiders.
That's so surprising given what a sweet guy Matt Barnes is supposed to be
It should all be trickling down soon
Featuring the Nova skin and Nova Launcher?
You don't need VOD because Horheristo is going to beat your record next day
lol
What he can't do is read a book
Mine was a quote from the movie Paul, should have added quotes and
Yeah, just like that big fat check I received from Nintendo after getting a Virtual Boy for Christmas all those years ago.
Hope he doesn't get the shits again.
How about instead of going bow-on, go stern-on and snipe?
F2P btw.
Probably just a visual glitch
Well I'm not usually prospect, (but since this is on standard 3v3, where we don't play seriously at all, I am on this I guess) No idea how the guy on the other team got only 10 points, he was on 20 ping for the whole game so he wasn't lagging like me (I kept teleporting onto the wall) and usually I would have a much higher score, but since you know, not being able to hit the ball at all, I had 0 points
And you probably wouldn't get pregnant in both as ovaries take turns to release eggs anyway, one this month and the other next month and so on.
Neither are shinies, guess we'll have to boycott Nintendo
because only 1337 h4x0r5 use file directories, amirite?
At least you can sell those cards for a bunch of mgp
That's what Steve Miller would have done.
In the same way that if you pay for a monthly pass for transit each ride is free... I guess it would be hard to complain about an extra fee to ride the bus if each trip is "free".
how very american of him
Ya facking hosers
I prefer a beer and joint while I'm getting my dick sucked in my jacuzzi while my landscaper mows the lawn.
I'm thinking i may get a smart car to start out with...i think i can handle the ponies
DMT chemtrails for everyone!
ok thanks
Leblanc needs the mana, her laning phase is weak...
That dude has pro-level eyebrows.
SAVE ME!
Considering xhaka is clearly a destroyer, yes
Good job Youtube for removing it, lots of nudity and sex here
We go undefeated only to get beat the patriots in the super bowl, calling it now.
bwahahahahaah
Idk.. I have a pretty hard time supporting anything that isn't clearly benefiting me directly.
That's rankist!
Don't let your memes be dreams OP, I believe in you
i believe someone left their
Faltou o
Unless you have a promo code, shut up!
El muy hijo de puta quiere que los multinacionales inviertan para llevarse todo
I rather enjoy the exercise of hand movements while giving a speech
Well that's just ridiculous.
Le kanye only makes clothes homeless people would wear
"Idealogically sensitive" Didn't you realize that it's offensive to discuss hypotheticals and show them on maps?
Just give him MVP already
I.ll tell myself to post this question every 2 weeks for unlimited karma.
You can also eat allies over the same walls too ie if your adc is stuck in drag pit you can scoop him up from the jung by red buff
May as well not do it.
The Human ^eye ^^can ^^^only ^^^see ^^^24fps.
Me too, now I know the reptilian shapeshifters did it
Most transparent candidate in history!
I thought females were cuties?
Hey they spoke the native language in Syndicate.
Aloha is a great movie which perfectly depicts Hawaii and typical Hawaiian day-to-day problems.
Wow, that ATK is insane... I wasn't aware that there were units with more than 1500 damage (but just saw the stats from the 6* doffy and Nightmare Luffy)
Was it ever a good nightclub?
Around?
Got it!
...but the first movie left it open for a sequel.
It's definitely 100% the fault of those trump supporters and not at all the fault of the education system or the economy, that unemployed uneducated people exist.
Well actually...
Reasonable assumption
Little T.
MLS defending
Best Buy?
Yes, because this is directly comparable to warfare.
The Problem of Other Reddit Minds, the philosophical problem of our times.
You forgot the
I think my favorite was how it started, [with the "warrior" coming in and blocking the first attack with his shield, Illidan slashing at his neck, and then the wound immediately closing thanks to the healing magic cast on him]
Oh okay I didn't need that mirror anyway
Rudy Gobert rocking them shades.
Do you know the actual players used though?
Ah, the polls have gone from trustworthy back to skewed in favor of Clinton I see
My buddy didn't die facedown in the mud for...
spike strips
If I don't agree, it obviously isn't contributing!
A repair cost negated by butchering half if not all opposing bombers in a match and then some of the fighters still climbing to altitude I weep for R2Y2 pilots, I really do
What the hell do they have to lose, after all?
"good or evil" so like the US and Russia?
But Refugees are people!
Get yourself ready for some boogers and cum.
Because BvS barely had any legs in The box office
Also he's not a "real" president because he was imported from Kenya.
Yeah totally, definitely nothing inaccurate about this statement right here.
SAME position, honestly I think I'm just gonna finally get ESEA or Cevo at this point
The QUEEN of manipulation
That isn't true Bianchi
How the hell can we riot &amp; burn stuff if you keep throwing facts at us?
We need to microchip babies so they can always be traced.
Even with short hair, just find a talented guy lol.. Soo what're you doing later ;)
Would be an odd accessory to have with a keyboard though lol
Wentz is now future hall of famer for sure.
Fucking great
Imposter of Anokuu!
The same way you approach other girls, just don't be desperate, girls can smell that from how ever many miles away you are.
Pretty sure you add the slashes *before* the first one.
Glad you're OK.
The construction in this city is artisanal, that's why it costs more.
I read that as "it makes beating them so much easier"
And the $6million of Soros Shills will do it again if you keep posting like this...
Way to step up UAE....just in the nick of time too!
While the ArmBAR must be he most famous contribution, the Saskatchewan Spinning Nerve Hold should be his greatest invention...
Do you have another master image, or could you prepare one quickly, and fire up a new catalog just to see if it is an issue with your specific existing catalog, or if it is a larger issue?
Yeah, pull yourself up by your bootstraps
Well she was obviously a shitty mother soooo....
Oh come on, the live action DBZ couldn't be that bad.
And creating as many chances as possible for Jim Benning to look silly.
Must be a nightmare being him
You forgot your
Why are you using a mouse on your smartphone?
Hardware-fucker Hardware, fucker Lets go.
As a boy I sat in the cockpit of an active duty SR-71
til reddit career is a thing
Yeah, you're not shilling at all.
This is how you win leagues boys.
Yes everyone knows African Americans can't be civilized
I hate to be *THAT* guy, but... does anyone have a mirror that isn't Mangastream?
Sooo creepy
If you miss that anabolic window the whole workout was a waste.
Holy shit, people actually smiled in the 1900's?
Gotta circlejerk about how we want our dicks groped by strangers, obviously
Shouldn't you be mixing the olive oil and spices first before plopping in the sliced potato, so that they are evenly coated with all the spices?
5, last year was the first time they brought them out.
Hilarious
No man he actually just left Edmonds gym
that's not how adults handle things, Sweaty,,, :^)
More importantly, where's Pip?
Yeah but devils weed.
path to the most unique planet in the galxy?
There are more resources than slaves.
Oh the good ol "barracuda" reaction... my nipples love that one
What?
being born in Scotland with a name like Donald Trump?
To be fair their 5 mana 20/20 is ridiculously OP.
No man we've saw all we need last year from Murray to know he'll be a great playoff goalie after starting 50 regular games a season.
But he's an awkward introvert, so it's okay.
Yea, if only those jews would stop
Damn dole bludgers
Why would anyone consider Gordon Brown having been a successful Finance Minister is completely beyond me.
I replaced it with scientific literature.
That sophia chocobo barding is beautiful.
Explains why middle eastern nations have so many brilliant educational institutes.
Hey man that seems to be enough for him to get elected, so I mean isn't that just efficiency on his part?
and then they shot his black grandpa-in-law
Dalai Lama confirmed for neo-nazi
Well, they WERE bandits.
Well, we know for a fact it has happened at least once...
Exactly what Supercell wants, to make P2W players feel bad.
Yeah, we should continue arming terrorists or else someone else might do it.
It's a repost.
So Fisher would be GOAT with Brady too?
He's a veteran and he's maybe a leader in the locker room... maybe he's drunk?
Didn't everyone already know that?
Of course she has.
Kinda reminds me of triss from the witcher
I bet the real estate groups is working towards the best interest of the local community and not their personal benefit!
You laid out some valid reasoning that really shows how right you are, so good for you sticking to your guns.
Obviously the meta changes as to which Warrior deck is the most OP of the day.
all that shit
Pffft, I was gaming for 3.5 hours straight, what an amateur Just in case
ninjagamers 389 titan, (half way to 390) already done the raid on my hunter
Yeah let's stick with The Clinton strategy : sending thousands of innocent poor Americans to lay down their lives to intervene in a war where both sides hate us and we're just trying to 'help'
Did he try turning it off and on again?
Fuck you, you aren't Norse, kys shitlord
But you did watch it.
That looks far too substantial and not an ass wedge to be Broncos wheel guards.
Pffft, people still play Destiny?
I don't think the "Perfect" device for free would stop the bitch fest that is this sub.
All you need is Citrix for a perfect match!
oh boy, time to get those Detox/Katya flairs out and come up with reason why Alaska shouldn't win.
TIL the Archdiocese is a person, not a a district that an Archbishop is in charge of.
Good advice, thank you!
Who cares if they make off like bandits, amirite?
Children of stable same sex parents do just fine!
And a world championship...
But Catholics aren't christians!
woah there buddy that is way too advanced for me you're gonna have to tone it down for a noob like me!
I think at this point he's an honorary member of the crew at this point, kinda like Vivi.
1 mana 2 card 3/4, just like innervate and spidertank lol, we all know that combo is destroying ladder
Pc mustard rice
I think this dropped off your comment
Kids named Nevaeh- it's heaven spelled backwards you know
Yeah, but he was wicked smaht.
Fox
0/10
You forgot the
if he ever does come back
I mean why the fuck would they ever need defensive gear?
system qbs
Can someone please tell WF that they forgot to pay me?
Peter and Paul wrote books as well.
I went with antonio.
They don't call it a heart attack for nothing
Right, and our "hispanic friend" here shouldn't have been doing so either.
You Pleb, bring a laptop and tether your internet or teamviewer that shit, no exp waste.
I actually think they're gonna go on a 32 game unbeaten streak and take back to back premier league titles, Kante was only holding them back
Just like those Mexicans that Trump was talking about...
I think your husband is great with ideas, he should keep having them.
I'm sorry, but there is only one provider in your area, so...
Ahh the good old times...
"Must have experience day 1 of release"
Sell the car and get him a nice pair of tennis shoes.
I mean of all the rights, those two are like the least cared about.
Racist bastard
Yeah bashing WWE direction and producing usually is met with fierce resistance here... especially when it comes to the commentators
It puts strain on the fan and the parts around it
Wow, click/buybait on journalism, it's extreamly new in this industry!
Damn, I didn't know COD zombies was about honour and danger of WW2
TRUE
Sure it is a myth, that's why servers and blade arrays purposely use loud CFM fans to cool them off.
ngl he looks like will ferrell here.
Weddle aswell, shocking lol
The cop, he gotta find a reason to arrest the kid since he fucked up
Oh well this makes sense.... glad this guy got to get out of prison when people sit with LWOP for having a tiny bit of LSD.... yeeeah.
Not only will Charles be past wanting the throne, William and George will be long gone too
They're moving to LA?
Misty's tits
That's the job he wanted
I'm eagerly awaiting the Jun Maeda feelsfest of a season 2
which is which?
Well I guess that entirely justifies clickbait then
Any connection to the George Zimmerman case ?
But....but Big Pharma is taking all of our money, their vaccines give our children autism, and its all a huge conspiracy!
All of the snapchats are in the sidebar
Yeah, but we need to elect Trump to send these people a message.
That third bullet was way out of line
But how can it be balanced unless we have 10+ bans per team?
After all we've done for black people in this country, they do owe us the courtesy of prioritizing their issues in a way that makes us most comfortable.
Nukes.
I already reload a few different calibers, but you're not gonna be reloading 22 rimfire at home.
But Schyte is alien ships, they maybe dont know about our physics...
white people cant be discriminated
The football represents the patriarchy
Pfft, fuck that, where's my 1/2" impact.
"With mediocre hand!!!"
Because people having good pokemon = cheating
YHe guyvsyhh hbgyyyyyy
Thank you and thanks for reading a late-ish submission.
S O M B R A C O N F I R M E D
No we don't, we already have Torts.
Nope he was covered, a seasoned qb like Kessler would have seen him wide open on a curl.
Pretty much how Elon Musk motivates people to join Spacex.
Such banter in the comments.
Copywrite infringement, sue his ass
His girlfriend is a lucky woman.
Because "Single" is just a box in life you check, right?
dang those budget cuts hit nasa hard
The most brilliant pyramid scheme would be to push something that publicly declares hatred for pyramid schemes, you should do it, you could be on Oprah
And Ullr's, while we're at it.
Apparently I needed to include an
Well I have lots of friends so speaking from experience one doesn't need to go to lots of parties for that to happen.
I don't have guitar rig, but I do have max for live, thanks, will try it out.
Sorry forgot to add
Sure doesn't let you spell "lets" correctly ;)
So sexist!
...but other than all that, the lying, the lack of knowledge on foreign and domestic affairs, or the lack of basic understanding on what the government actually does...why shouldnt he be president?
Screw those dorks only sports matter
I'm surprised you're not downvoted into oblivion in spite of the lack of
Penguins are copyrighted by Disney, have to resort to knockoffs.
On the bright side, we didn't punt much today!
I guess the refs are bailing us out uh
Hey, he only *enabled* the war criminals!
But if we did those multi billion dollar companies who are lobbying against it might lose some profits and that would be terrible
Well clearly this has no potential for abuse at all, and won't create a headache for government workers trying to weed out the garbage requests from the good ones.
By not privatizing it, duh.
I have Vic 2 and Hoi4, you wanna switch?
Link broken
This isn't the demo in which you're meant to do that, the one you're referring to is almost a year old and has several bugs which have mostly been fixed - try the new one :)
Yeah bro, I have the same problem.
You'll need Gjallahorn if you want to do any end game trials.
Cemeteries are usually run by the State so anyone can be buried there, regardless of religion or lack thereof.
Thanks and yes, I'm Danish, but my username has more meaning to it.
I'm so happy that any legal costs for suing or anything like that work related is covert by my union :)
Well the truckers should all go back to school and find new careers
He must have missed orientation day, you get your assigned female there along with the welcome pack.
anyone who dares to criticise these films are fucking Marvel shills!
3 points is that even possible?
Oh no, teams know how to beat us nows
I'm just glad it was shot on an Iphone 7 Plus and not the regular one.
I had a helmet on
Worked in America
And in certain spaces you can get chucked off a cliff and instantly die, so obviously any character that can do that is also broken.
But I thought everyone hated Hillary and Te more you see of her the more you hate her?
What is smite?
Yeah, because gang culture is definitely not up front about the drugs and killing.
You forgot your
But they're both the same!
Yeah, gotta give the deplorables a chance to harass and threaten them!
Not fantasy, but the names in Leckie's Ancillary Justice really annoyed me for the same reasons.
yes.
Nope, too early to say
Mei as the Grinch.
I suppose you expect us to respect your opinion on the matter?
I thought we were all democrats or something
That's just crony capitalism
Are you saying the KKK is just a front so cops can kill black people?
I can only be so triggered.
I'm not gay also where are all the chicks?
These are all intended features.
Can I get gold for this "Lol"?
okay but real talk hierophant was broken right guys
So this is how liberty dies...with thunderous applause.
well, you know, he was having a hard time coping with real life and thought "Man, i'd like to be in jail again where they feed me and tuck me in at night."
In tegenstelling tot de rest van de energie sector.
You dropped your
Replied
I'm sorry my pleb dictionary was not worthy of your high birth.
Why does KD's left leg look darker than his right?
ayy hit me up on steam or battlenet, we can play PC games together quietly
Oh, that makes it ok then.
You talk like a business dick lol
try freezing yourself like cartman did while waiting for the wII to come out :)
-3 no spiky SSJ hair
Hooks that never hooks someone is definitely good.
Why did they even bother to post this, the playoffs already ended according to Hoynes
Because what else would the healthiest person ever elected president do?
No it is actually impossible and thus that is why it happened.
Not great
hope the honking continues until the person causing it moves!
....Wait what?
Gabe Newell didn't find Trump's comment funny.
By trust worthy parties such as Fox news
Gotta love those closer range snipers.
I'm not sure he'd have let a drop go to waste......
Dude, road hog xl and dom gt are the same rarity so they are worth the same
He brought it himself.
You forgot one show, the one with the best action, plot and strong character arcs
the first female king ever..
US firm BTFO with sanctions!
Well, there's a fine example of unbiased reporting.
Now that's a mental image I didn't need, lol
Yeah, but when has java ever had any problems
How much would u say these are worth?
When women say, "You need more confidence" what they really mean is, "You needed to be born with better aesthetic genetics."
Now tell me what the last x in xxx means because im confused.
But... but... that ONE week I had it was RUINED!
Guess Pokemon is a job as well since plenty grind on that also
yay this means SFV won't die next year
Same, I could do without "as a super fan...." every sentence.
Please continue voting for democrats because they care about your reproductive rights and are doing everything to defend them.
It's not pink, it's "salmon".
But my 10 year old grandson :-( This MacArthur guy sounds mean like Hillary
Hey sorry for bad question but is it mcgregor vs alvarez only one 5 rounds, or is it going to be all tittle fights 5 rounds?
He hasn't been hitting all night.
Yeah &amp; if you reach the top of Felwinter's Peak, there's a special kiosk there from which you can get raid gear for 500 glimmer + 1 ether seed per item.
I never cease to be amazed at the number of lawyers in this sub
I got a white stallion!
Can confirm ASUS charges $9.99 per stickers
Yep :/
That will teach you to like things!
Yeah who wants equal rights for women anyway.
I love COX!
This will end well.
Looks like a specimen jar, plus looks mildly classroomish in the background too.
But I want my Facebook to say I live in a cool city :(
We expected more from Rabble.
It's cool though, he has the best words.
I can't believe you've done this.
We're thankful we aren't America.
I bet there is going to be SD9 map, which looks like unranked SD7 map, getting ranked by fycho
I'm pretty sure that's tax deductible though, so they're really doing you a favor by taking your money
That was expert analysis there
Found the Trumpeter.
The math not lining up indicate that math is racist.
Too much splitting wood in the forest like a jackass.
Nah, at 5 she'd have known that the rabbit-proof fence in Australia totally didn't work.
People misusing food stamps, what a pressing issue.
2 RED CHAKRAMS for Laby
So the same as always?
No, he's confirmed for the 5 next year.
~~not what we ment by SS looping~~
Then where are the cops pulling him over?
Is this the S3 GC award?
I just imagined that like a really stupid post-2000 horror film, where everything's desaturated and there just This constant lingering malicious sounding drone in the back ground.
You also forgot your
*17 series wins and 1 series loss=TSM wins worlds without anyone contesting them*
Ofc it did, it wasn't just booing
Meta-humor is incredibly ablest shitlord.
Having an afterwork tomorrow, it would be such a shame if I couldn't go home.
Doesn't everyone know hat Google Sheets is shinier now?
Yeah now we can call that whole election thing off, save some tax payer money.
If Pakistan even thinks of conventional war, then we'll drop a nuke on it.
Yea, as soon as the match is about to start we will go back into a flashback arc.
I think personal defensive CDs are bullshit.
They're in Europe, but the racist wolf was supposed to refer to the "Negro" as an "African-American."
Sol
I could care less if they girl being proposed to laughed at me
It's Brazil, get used to it
You forgot the
Blackbeard still too strong, please remove shield entirely and only give him 4 HPs to start game.
They're called chips you fat c*nt.
Yeah, a kid that just started playing pokemon in *english* without having internet would *SOOO* totally know that Dark is 'evil' in *japanese* and not just assume that it is just 'dark' as it is named.
Ok, don't downvote the fuck out of me for this, but is it "illegal" to have an earpiece during these debates?
oh im sorry, they murdered hundreds then rifled through their belongings for no good reason by any remotely well intentioned thought process lets not accept one tiny suggestion they are guilty
I love how the dog pauses like, "Ok don't attack me when I take this off."
Because tech giants don't travel by airplane
Because he was holding a knife.
What no, everyone knows Muslims are blood thirsty, uncultured, barbaric rapist
Lost the puck twice, bust
Well when I go bankrupt because I have been irresponsible you will be the first person I rob.
ITT: Not Germans telling the world how much Germans hate Merkel and how bad she is while actual Germans get Downvoted.
false positive
Well..he did occasionally do some cycling so that should be enough.
EU east
Black pirates, Swingin, In the summer breeze
They should ban black people because they typically have bigger hands and that could lead to more damaging punches.
I won't be impressed until someone lands it back on the launch pad
Cookie Kwon - Stay away from west side!
Glad I've never heard anyone from here whinging about it
Here, you dropped this:
Aka the REAL reason he left c9.
Whore.
Thanks so much for clearing this up dude, i would give you a million upvotes if i could
OPX just received M, be optimistic!
no it can only evolve into a flareon it depends on which team you chose
nice, made my toes tingle a bit
They were clearly just confused souls who strayed too far from God!
They'll probably lose even more weight if they top it off with some negative calorie food, like celery!
This is going to revolutionize the fitness industry
That's why it's important to send it up and make it illegal.
They just really, really want to do it if they get the chance, and idolize/emulate an ideology that actually did commit genocide, but you're right, I'm sure their views are just harmless.
No that's more illegal than rear-ending someone here.
No you don't understand, Amy Schumer is the worst comedian in the world because she just says vagina.
You're right, the GOP is completely and utterly racist and has no other ideals.
Solid assvice.
But something something jesus something stem cell are a sin something something youre going to hell.
[Kanye West] - [Power] (Point Point Remix)
Because 'completion' means 'competence'
Durant already fucking things up?
Subroza
NahImeng 381 light titan
Yea the US, the only superpower in the world and main nation with global power projection potential, is gonna have trouble with resupply.
**datto
I love third world immigration!
Uh, you're being downvoted for accusing anyone who disagrees with you of belonging to CTR.
Well... they have to tell someone!
Yeah these officers did it the right way by waiting until one officer was on the ground with two guys on him trying to shoot him with his own gun **before** they were allowed to shoot the "suspects".
So the woman has to go through the painful and tragic experience of abortion, has to give her baby away after she grew it inside of her and went through the painful process of birth just to give the baby away, or pay for it herself, and the guy just gets to wash his hands of it the minute he knocks her up... you are right, that's so much more fair.
Nonsense that's just China messing with us again
Stop giving reasons why r/politics is biased and start pretending that peoples feels have actual fact behind them.
This just shows Trump is smart.
I'm sure that was just her covering up another mini-stroke.
How dare they challenge double standards!
I probably could have used a
Nope
I know right Palestinians are just backward subhumans they dont deserve a state like everyone else in the world.
Wouldnt this upset the kangaroos?
But they'd NEVER do that with a gun-owner database...
Don't play this without telling your opponents that the deck is illegal
1869 Princeton team.
I thought drawing card = value And 4 mana 7/7 is also value
A true nerd would reference R2-D2 from the cult classic 1977 film.
Fox
He's only dead because Rafael Cruz killed him.
No man if you're not getting maimed or killed you're not really longboarding!
Yea, probably will make it into Z-teir.
Insubordinate... and churlish.
Took me 15 months to notice, and now I'll never be able to unsee it.
I meant the ibotta rebate in particular
He's a keeper.
Murray, no question.
2 years after is still sometime after!
Hey... we're paying to be beta-testers for an unfinished product, what's wrong with that?
Obviously if you have terrible pain you should just get knocked up - You'll be treated faster
You smoke out of this?
Yeah, no one has ever made any personal changes to a BMW.
They should be grateful that we drove them from their lands and locked them into generations of poverty.
Stop making sense!
It's clearly his OC, he totally didn't steal it.
I can show you if you want...
I guess I dropped my
vanilla was the best
T-Swizzle is friggin life man...... Not a bad idea there
Happy Thanksgiving!
Oh wow thanks i totally didn't think about that and didn't do that before i posted here!
Careful, you just stumbled into some downvote territory.
And they will find open arms in Europe!
I'm sure if we cut taxes for wealthy ceos that the workers in their corporation will prosper too....
Ps4 sorry
I'm glad the black list does its task well.
Also, it could be usefull to power up gyms with Exeggcutor at the bottom, who knows
Yeah, the trains will really get slowed down when they get stuck in traffic.
Nah man this is a completely original deck!
Literally me.
I think it was
Yeah, facing an all rank 1 swf group as killer is ezpz
But how is your mind or heart going to protect your torso in the event of a fire, hmmmmm?
Yea because nobody enjoys it and we are all like you !
I went with something with a bubbly feel to it, then found out it meant hot airplane sex, so it's a win-win
I think he was an octopus, but he may have identified as a squid, which was SUPER RELEVANT to the story.
more like marowak skull, i see no cubone.
For a low flat rate?
I love this Duterte guy, he's really good at analogies.
They want to blue ball us, matthews and marner will never play a single game together.
Carson Wents = System QB = Confirmed
Its a more cenimatic experience kid get gud.
i suppose i dropped this
I should see what happens when I try to get Video out of my Current CPU
0 chance 0 severity?
When Donald has a history of not paying his contractors, they definitely will care because of how many former Trump contractors got screwed.
Yeah, Florida is a total loss for Trump.
Did you just assume my species?
If you're not outraged you're not paying attention
Because you just get a 6l for free with the vaal, duh.
I do agree that you should be able to at least dye 2 parts of some gear but an opinion is an opinion after all.
sex is a social construct, shitleige!
Mysterious ways
not before the operation
Huehuehuehuehuehuehue
The drivers nodding out right?
Isn't that the direction FP want the game to be in?
So the joke is that our poster values his life less than being watched while jerking off, which has a commonality of being shamed is greater than your own life, which of course, is a little silly.
Nothing more amazingly lore driven than finding an Elemental Artifact Skin, an appearance for Ra-den's own weapon, from a rat in a sewer.
I've been tweeting at croots since twitter first came out where is my story.
That's the dream
Future shitlord, so the world's probably better off amirite?
anything besides equal representation is misogyny
Yeah but was it her intent?
3/10 no cat or gfuel
Apparently it does because the USA is of the bad
Doesn't change the fact that Jensen still played it bad.
"I should always pip the killer should never kill me every chase should be a Benny Hill scene till the gates power"
Or buy a lag switch?
There is so much furor around this particular election because of the bullshit that comes out of that idiots mouth.
This is going to end well for him.
Thanks for telling me I'm not Jewish enough because I vote Democrat!
Soooo what you are saying is that winning the lottery will not happen.
Watch out sir, the level of butt hurt here is enough to send your total karma into the negatives.
no firing Blatt did
Wowe you definitely pulled that combination by chance
So... Why are you here?
Edith sells one and Monica sells one
Read this in car commercial guy gruff voice.
Watch prank invasion - Mummy make out day
With your own crab :^)
Don't worry, Microsoft is going to handle it fine by itself
To get the models, I used the Toontown Offline Squirting Flower source.
Beef confirmed!
Takuma Asano
Yeah, I've played so many games that are much better than Ra, Modern Art, Tigris &amp; Euphrates, Amun-Re, Lost Cities, Schotten-Totten/Battle Line.
Timing
I suddenly want more piercings.
I'm on a less than 2 year old Lenovo laptop, same hinge issues, opening the screen rips off the right side of the bezel if I don't hold it down - I might have to try using a clip like that.
Wow you must be a professional player!
They were just defending our freedom
This man will not accept his defeat, and I'm not sure just how far he will take his followers to defend him from a Clinton win the day after.
Damn that Pope Francis and his liberal agenda!
Paper or ring?
Au dente
But does it have SMS?
You're right, the people of the United States not having direct accountability to how web addresses are handled is a good thing.
If he made her work in a mine just think of the reforms in 50 years!
how dare you, fucking poser
Yeah, fuck those guys for doing their jobs when someone is going an significant amount over the speed limit.
What a plastic
While I understand what you are saying, I think its important to point out people's hypocrisy.
I love how you're argument about this is adding another streamer just cause you want people to agree with you.
OMG, New Mexico endorses child pornography!
Rumor has is theyre nice things people say to you when you have something they like...
Les miles?
Nice, now please call MS and explain them why a Windows Update that does the same thing is equally bad
No one has ever gotten sick from food with the FDA watching over us.
Oh, but everyone fails once in a while.
but usually aren't other skins with certain altered animations banned?
He's only 165lbs but too fat too get off the bench without swinging his legs.
Uhhhhh, that's our word...
Nothing, but it doesn't matter because Hillary.
Have you tried washing your face?
Yes, I'm sure in lieu of civilisation your career prospects would be vastly increased
Yea, everyone knows blake only has one arm.
I though Alarak was not a troll, guess I was wrong.
As a Welsh person (and speaker) I can confirm that is indeed our flag
They could also demote him to team Haas!..
will do
You have to understand, Washington is in a legitimate conference.
Nuclear is the safest fuel source.
Not anymore, he was removed in the last update.
You mean that wasn't really her on SNL Family Feud last night?
Jokes are supposed to be funny.
Unlike in other countries and systems, of course.
You stopped though - that's where Satan got ya!
Read the article not the headline.
Obviously we need women to teach their daughters to not be misogynists.
So you had trouble finding the hole.
SHUT UP GAY WHAD
Head over the Ben Franklin bridge and try somewhere in Jersey
Not sure if you are trying to offend me.... with sarcasm or genuine.
Why do you live in a shed?
Bet the pope would be cool with his cheating statement.
Most already are.
But limited to not include their the mothers of the animals sold in pet stores, which are usually kept in atrocious conditions.
WONDERFUL advice.
By two people, not like he was mercilessly down voted into oblivion
In NOVA you won't even get past 40 because of traffic most of the time.
Uh, he made 540m on one single investment in 1995. you don't cash out of long term assets every 3 years so you can measure your dick in money for fake internet points.
Am I the only one who can't tell who's saying "OMG"?
Is OP supposed to be the maid chick dancing?
I'm socially awkward and can't hold a conversation
What about the word "to"?
Gtx 1080 is 750 ish, 7970 is nearly 8 times as good, seems like a good deal.
I am also sad Hashinshin didn't make it to worlds
But as a hedge fund kid that was lucky enough to not invest in real estate, I deserve more than those lazy bastards that don't work for their money!
you forgot the
The title for that article is horrible, took me like 5 re-reads to realise what it actually meant *after* reading the article.
Yes, you're not a man unless you drink harsh concoctions that make you scowl and shudder when you drink them.
Getting the needle **dirty** out there
I think u dropped this
No, it clearly says "Miller".... Yeeesh.
Apple's stealing from Android again!
But you Yuropoors don't get that you can take 12 inches and divide it by 2 two times before you get a decimal whereas if you take 10 cm and divide it by 2 twice you get a decimal.
Are those all 1999 and older bikes?
Nobody could have predicted this outcome!
Such frumentarius frippery does not belong here!
Latvia.
Don't worry the human race is going to be wiped by ebola way before this is an issue just like the media told us remember.
Quality post.
God OP don't you know ANYTHING?
But surely the season 4 revamp was much better
"As a mom they understand everything"
"And just like that... Poof... She cryo-freezed..."
Publius Quinctilius Varus, get in here right now!
Yea, we wouldn't want to shy away from our humble foreign policy that exists now.
Gainz goblin hates Milton-Bradley.
You found me out.
But what does that have to do with the Mississippi River Delta?
But only when you're already halfway into the other lane.
Friends are overrated.
Pokemon go is shit, I would give it up for a pair of underwear
But my 5k screen!
Just so console gamers can feel more at home.
Yea..former Director of Homeland Security...for the Bush Administration....clearly a shill who was just waiting for his chance to vote for her.
I've never sat in the real one, so I can't say comparatively, it tnissuper comfortable and sturdy.
Get ready for the literal cancer that is Iron Lagger with an added side of AIDs with Supremacy!
Vaginas do have balls.
I'm gonna hope you just accidentally left out the
Why do people keep giving away good players for Lacy?
That's not really 'historic' though, that's like the last 100 years, really.
It's a very nice way to call you a retard in Mexico...
Someone might actually think you're serious without a
Honda mini van ^
How do you stamp your passport though?
You forgot the
wearing c9 jersey in School smh
I guess this is what happens when you no longer spank your kids?
He's native, so he should get a free pass and just walk free.
Oh no, stuck in a gym for ages... oh what a shame...
But heritage...
Surely the admins will ban them for brigading!
Please remember, as always, that this has nothing to do with Islam!
How do you change the knock back of a projectile?
Well now that Hillary has a decent lead in the polls and no bombshell this morning, they are fine with Johnson pulling equally from both candidates~
Shhh we hate oil on Reddit
It really is shocking that Ruben Amaro Jr didn't get another GM position.
Horse races dont smell good and normal races dont have much of a smell to them... totally the queston he asked
But she offered you a donut.
how can you joke sensitive topics the current year?
I thought this theory was disproven?
So nice of the lobotomized Shitlery tard crowd to stop in to defend her honor.
DOA
Link?
You must have met the wrong people because most of us are actually total cunts...
Discs are hucked, bro.
At least it's waterproof like the iPhone 7
Heroin with elephant sedative is cheap these days.
Ano ba kayo ang tatanga nyo naman, may kasabihan nga tayo na "keep your enemies closer" diba plano talaga ni master tactian galatic prime minister best president in the universe digong yan
"Isn't it wonderful!."
#exposed
But everyone here is an enthusiast!
bendiness and wobbly buttons aren't very premium tbh
howl
That's racist...and completely acceptable!
I've never heard of acekard before, do they have any specific advantages over all the R4 clones?
Oh, ya know after some consideration I think I will!
They are all shit, thats why you got it
You forgot your
What an unpopular opinion
They are all ripoffs of our lord and savior of games Dead Frontier
That would be the smart thing to do...
So basically Gurley is a lil bitch
Well, in the mean time, I discovered a mod map Earth, that it so huge, it uses all 6 gigs of vram the creator's gpu has.
thanks
I loved the roadhog just standing up there waving at you while you fall
The problem was too many people saw them in the car and they couldn't go with the original plan of putting them next to the key in SA's trailer, so they had to put them back in the car.
Have you heard the latest Kanye album tho?
It's not a REAL spider until it's born
Sorry to hear your sick, I just got over a cold last week.
I mean, it's not like women can do anything besides being pretty, look what happens when they try to drive trucks
The key to a new rule change aren't you excited
Which is why we won a war in the Middle East and haven't fought since
It's a high ranking Liberal Arts college though!
yes, acceleration is fine, pros can react accordingly and stuff.
Toilolo to RG?
Who ever drew this is either female or has drawn an absurd amount of smut.
bu bu but he said Putin is a better president and man than Obama!
CNN's.
I don't know a single person that actually trusts the media anymore.
You can only fact check negative things about the Donald (except they're all biased of course so it doesn't count) and positive things about Hillary because everyone knows how evil that criminal bitch really is so the facts would be false anyways!
lemme just over-accentuate my girlfriends tits/ ass all the time forever
the covenants i made with god are contingent upon the church releases enough documents until i am personally satisfied that i have all the relevant facts to make the decision if the lord's church is run in a way i approve of.
Wow how did you get your watermark painted above your fingernail?
Duterte's plan B
I thought he was going to arrive at some crazy scene rushing like that but now Im disappointed that someone isnt visibly dead/dying
Well, they have to do something in October because they're holding off on new MacBooks for another year.
Well you're not getting your moneys worth unless you put two pounds of toppings on!
Can't tell if
Interesting image there mate.
So, everything?
Punctuate, I'd Punctuate.
Well, I've flunked out of med school, but at least my dorm room's clean!
Oh wow I had no idea!
Did you just wake up out of a 10 year coma?
Yeah, that totally makes it better.
Volatility is practically zero so it will stay at $600 forever
i hope u forgot the
Who let the cripple in in the first place?
Do OSHA regulations apply to animals too?
Lived in a suburb of Saint Louis but currently live in Rolla.
The free market is a wonderful and beautiful thing... until it stops marketing to white people, then we need the government to intervine.
Most families around today have a long history
Don't worry guys the second generation integrates
It was really hard to get my degree in women's studies from the University of Phoenix.
I do enjoy rubberbanding through opened up walls and getting killed when I am not even near where the person shot me, or neckshots
yeah but he won
You dropped this:
What was your main reason for leaving?
Because that damned *Obama* keeps causing a racial divide!
Perhaps Google's Pixel will save us from Apple
Sounds like you got triggered by the word racist.
No, he had a son called Baghdad
It was probably buffed because nobody ever uses that weapon.
A nose?
O no, please don't do it
Shutterstock video
How dare you suggest that Redditors blow things out of proportion!
Millennials: standing for slogans!
Do you know who I am!
No, it doesn't work at the moment.
Try keeping your trunk closed when it rains
If Mitt had just been righteous enough, then he would have been the POTUS.
Oh no my collection of voice acting mods!
Dude this card is gonna suck ass... Supercell's leaked trailer obv shows that they can be countered by Rocket for a positive elixir trade...
Lyndon "Jumbo" Johnson
At least he saved HIS garmin.
Relax bro it was just a prank
No..
Thats racist!
Why would you want a jersey of that bust?
the day of reckoning was here 30 days ago
... you mean *Johan Hedberg's* new mask, obviously.
Not even mariners fans are mariners fans
Are you impliying SB2H isn't top 5 hiphop album of all time?
Like trump mispronouncing Nevada!
For trading
Does Delta Airlines count?
*Shield Unplayable
WoW's community would never start a fuss over information that hasn't hit live servers!
Well if the police say it, it must be true!
Great, here comes the anti anti-anti-Bendis circlejerk...
yeah man Ima only support Spanish Football from now on
Sorry, forgot the
Uh Uh... it's unbiased
What lie
Well everyone knows lesbians are just lesbian for the penis.
It sure if this is a r/flashtv joke
Clearly the dealership owners care!
The obvious conclusion is that we should privatize the justice system.
I mean that was *past* Trump, not *present* Trump, who said those things.
Wow no way!
Yeah its *impossible* to detect sarcasm
How can there be agreement if one side clearly disagrees?
Finally got the bastards
This is lame?
I would like to sign up for his class.
They would never ignore us
Harambe skin too
You have to meet the 5% of total population quota before you unlock the rape skill tree, duh
Well that would just be stupid
Glad to hear the Tekes are are still going strong!
Yeah that makes sense.
r/modeveryone
About the same as trouba signing with the jets
I'm actually a faggot 13 year old who is also indeed...a faggot
You fucking scrub
You forgot the
Keep calling him fat
I feel like pointing out what happened to khepri after she boosted her powers, otherwise I agree with you on all points.
dont worry, when z2 comes out performance will be way better.
It's a known fact orthopedic surgeons don't actually like performing surgery.
If the wildlife doesn't kill us then we atleast have fun doing it ourselves
I can't decide what's worse your comment or choice in music
Yeah, that's precisely what I thought
So was Batman
Sorry, I dropped this
Yes... I did make this!
I guess we forgot to add grit.
Quarter million people... eh.
WiiU, what you mean that $349 touchscreen controller add on for the wii?
I'm not sure he did
Wow race baiting right off the bat, that's original
This can't be true, the NSA doesn't spy on US citizens on US soil!
You're just a paid crisis actor used to cover up false flag domestic terrorism to push your anti gun laws!
End of Eternity by Azimov and City by Simak both fit extra long timelines in their stories (like spanning 100,000 years) Not that "cerebral", but some realisation will hit you by the end.
I'm in California and they've already had a few incidents here and arrested at least one.
haZ*
That woman is being hysterical, her problems are clearly not as important as the man's.
Oh you poor americans and your poor 1 TB data cap
Captain State helping the citizens with regulations once again!
Yes, because displacing millions of voters(in major cities, which usually vote democrat) in a swing state notorious for messing up elections, is exactly what liberals want to do, a month before an election.
Well, this isn't going to go south in a hurry
How else will we feed our terrorist population?
got to pretend everyone is equally as potentially guilty of terrorism so we don't look like we're singling out "M" word people.... even though Islamist theocrats are repeatedly attacking us, and secular Muslims reject them so even though it's not all "M" people we have to pretend it is so we can pretend it isn't makes perfect sense
Obviously the problem is what city you're in.
Oh, gosh, saying that to a Mormon would make them sad.
It's your fault for assuming their gender.
All that matters is that the Waffle Houses open back up as soon as possible.
No it's called being from Jersey
Ah, the "ruin it for everyone else" composition.
When people ask if esports is a sport
Listen neckbeard, it sounds really cringy to use the term "male" like that, just use man.
I want to be her when I grow up!
You dropped this
Crytek actually made genetic augmentations and fake plants before crisis.
Oh, so you are one of the dumb ones?
You can clearly see the Redskins player celebrating the fumble recovery at the end, and isn't that what counts?
Honestly we should just build a space elevator on mars and break it to have the most awesome destruction footage ever made by man
IT JUST MEANS THAT THE LIBERAL MEDIA IS GETING SCARED.
And Mei should reset ice block after every kill
Afroading.
The situation is similar with post nerf blade flurry: it doesn't limits anything anymore, but we still don't get weapon buffs/friendly healing.
So... are you Japanese or Chinese?
People would never sue for a reason as stupid as that...
Crater Lake is in the US state of Oregon in case anyone was curious (not mentioned in the video).
Oh, good thing its not getting shorter!
To the Nvidia Geforeman Grille 780 mandatory
Yung zen
Uh, your mouth.
Entertainment?
season pass gives you all four map pack to be released with IW.
It was stanced bro.
yeah who cares why should Nahr fix it anyways yeah its just 40 roundshots no one cares about lol
Yes, because claims he can openly sexually assault a woman pale in comparison to Hillary...
When people that preorder defend their shitty games I like it
that's why i anyways sell them in stacks of one!
**Wow**, making that text bold really makes me see your point.
It goes against the soul of the class.
Can't you tell him the story of the boy who cried wolf and get some sleep?
No, SRAM is *22 speed*!
Yeah, servers are all antisocial introverts pretending to be nice
so he is black and mexican
Between this and the Mor reds I'm beginning to think of Germans as giant fucking babies.
Nice way to spent time til' TWW!
I love it!
Because keeping 2 different brews going with the same cooldown as well as making sure you actually pick up your healing spheres is the same difficulty as the rest of the tank classes for the same reward.
And those Mexicans are taking the jobs of American rapists!
Alarak: Tell the others of the victory I have brought you.
sorry, forgot the
I love his outside kickass violin solo track
Giant... and Poison
everybody knows that the more a fringe right wing site resembles a limewire-approved computer virus, the more trustworthy it is!
"Zed" is for non American savages!
Can't wait for those curelom fossils to show up though.
Yeah, because Mozilla and Google don't care about security.
No, individuals are only allowed to do that by smoking, eating too much, riding a motorcycle, skydiving, rock climbing, UFC fights, etc.
But but but we shouldn't have the right self govern
Thank goodness there's a rich leveling/development system that keeps me super interested in leveling up in Overwatch
Awful lot of white privilege here
Could that title be more vague?
No, the 4x WDC clearly needs to prove himself first
That's due to the estrogenic like substances in beer
It's ok, because the real villain is GM.
343 emblem*
Mark this a NSFW because this is definitely PC porn
You know your made-up science is bad when other red-pillers aren't buying it.
How dare you not know what brand clothing a few rappers wear, gtfo
PLEASE MARK THIS [NSFW]
I feel so guilty as a white person, I hope Obama saves us by running for a third-term!
R/thathappened
Used the Christmas lights to decorate our patio, for Valentines, so we could enjoy eating outside.
Ah - the ever infamous American Internet provider strikes again :P You could just have 2 routers then really - I'd do it myself, but my father finds that illogical, despite the fact that I need it or I'm going to keep getting random moments of very high ping :(.
Oh yeah, because that happens all the time.
Wish they stopped appropriating German culture.
yes you may, just travel to the middle east
Why add a button if you can simply send them a "V6" message
have you read a modest proposal?
Cleats jumping off your back sounds like a lot of fun
It's okay, he got Cuvee with his ult.
"We'll hold her feet to the fire"
You forgot the
So we can finnaly inject it?
Damn patriarchy!
Nah I sit on reddit all day and complain about something that costs 20 cents
Lol, yeah man, dump and chase is the best controlled entry for sure.
Yeah, 5 months with a team should be long enough to turn a garbage dump into a group of winners
Spawnkilling is fixed.
VA and NC seem to be busy as well.
fucking liberals always asking for proof.
"Endgame" O SHIT BOIS CONFIRMED USE KN44 PAPED IN BOSS FIGHT TO GET SUPER EE CUTSCENE!
You haven't seen many hispanics huh?
Well looky here with mister hoighty toighty photographer with all his fingers.
For the glory of Aura Sphere, of course!
Yes...
you forgot your
Ugh we get it you vape.
I know right, my summer house is nicer than that.
Yes, because CVs need another indirect nerf
Without a doubt the Extreme Elimination Chamber!
I have not checked the Nokia stock in awhile, are they really doing that good?
100% of Democratic voters definitely want Hillary to be their presidential nominee.
There's nothing trivial about an NDV!
But getting an informed view is what got us kicked out of eden in the first place!
Dan Bilzerian for President 2020.
Yes but if we have more babies, there will be more people, and the more people we have, the more people can choose to not have babies!
Obviously, it's a giant Mural!
You forgot the
E-Q-W is still better
They're going insane.
No he's white
Yeah I bet the majority of trump supporters live in New York and California.
But r/The_Donald told me Sweden is the rape capital of the world and they can't be wrong!
Sounds like a place that deserves nukes
It was obviously a vital piece of protest that will go down in the annals of history as humanity's greatest moment in the struggle for freedom.
If your preference isn't for the best tactical shit, it's the internet's responsibility to call it into question early and often.
Absolutely steamrolled.
any proof to your bold claim ?
What does it mean by highlighting "their hoie"?
Splash your enemies with OPs Mums bath water.
I'm sure Ollie can pick up the slack
Oh yeah, he's totally bullying.
Moments like those make me enjoy how fun TK can be.
Yeah they used up all the technical requirements for the Stanley cup
Great response.
Donwvoted because i'm actually jealous
It's all about the Jensen.
Needs refactoring.
Terrifying
Get out.
It's what you do in business.
"Uh, that's not true."
That's something she's never going to regret.
Yeah because fuck those people they shouldn't have been criminals
How dare you talk about our lord and savior like that?
Shocker.
That's just locker room talk!
Way to make him look bad by taking the high road.
Ensa Taya
I'm definitely sure in the entire history of humanity and philosophy that no one has come up with reasons not to kill themselves
No American flag pin either...shocker
There were almost 10x times more calls to poison control for kids ingesting laundry detergent than for kratom.
Yeah, nice try, Coca-Cola shill.
Well, she *did* pay for it!
Wow, how horrible.
He a jew or something?
Well definitely not on RT.
It will be okay.
Cuz a woman who married you and sleeps with you willingly, definitely needs to be raped in order to have sex
C'mon guys, it's just the turbulence knocking her eyeball out of whack.
Get the fuck outta here with your logic.
Head first slide wins the whole game
Oh, well in that case we will just give the PAC12 a call and get the paperwork started
You explained it a 10 second to read sentence.... but yeah, a 2 minute long video can justify that
Oh man I love me some coughing fits
Given how you are reacting to others in this thread, I would have lied also.
That is because those other Christians were not good Presbyterian Christians.
SO you'll claim it's true again in a week...
But *he* did it and he's a special snowflake!
yeaaaaaah, cuz hes realy bad with midia stuff you know
Have you guys seen this shitty ketchup squirting robot?
Wow, our military are such a bunch of pigs.
But it's Indiana and you're supposed to dominate them
I sure hope they nerfed the crashing rate too, it's been way too high.
Wow... Nobody saw THAT coming.
Ok, but who would start, Teddy or Derek?
hmm, TIL
The gas is leaking through the screen and affecting your brain
Sneaky is such a hipster picking up every new adc instantly.
Great content in this thread, thanks.
December of what year?
That's 2.8 hours of *streaming* TV, but if you sign up for Comcast cable TV you can't watch it all say!
And a good way to win over Ohio voters.
she's so adorable &lt;3
My bad I didn't realize we weren't allowed to like things that are popular or well known.
non me lo sarei mai aspettato
They make talking dildos?
God, don't you know all dogs are boys and all cats are girls?
Maybe I should post on LetsRun and let them take care of it.
But my car is my baby!
But how.
He's winning the geographical area race!
THE WAR ON CHRISTMAS.
She doesn't draw large crowds though...
I could make a self portrait for you.
I'm not sure I'm ok with him hiding this information from me.
Again or still?
Now THIS is theimportant news we need to see
Lol yes, I'll somehow work full time for free, definitely wont go broke immediately.
A simple email to the whole world would suffice
goes out of bounds, smart.
rape is such a funny thing
You've obviously never seen Creed.
Ehhhhhh....... According to some
Aftter 59 failed attempts he kept on trying, that's impressive itself though
hm, true.
Where the fuck is Gavin McInnis when you need him?
i like how every dota 2 player read reddit
Nah mate, minesweeper is the ultimate test for any computer
Bad parenting if you ask me.
To innovative
You ok bud?
I don't know what you're talking about...
Yeah dude it's your fault for not being aware of your surroundings and keeping your ears open.
He's probably the one stealing them.
My bad fam, forgot the
...
You mean that sPECTRUM RIPOFF *TRIGGERED*
Fuck that guy
Because Bill Clinton isn't running for president?
mate he is talking about nationalists that in Turkey
Yeah, he's definite Brexit voter material.
Wolves up!
I for one declare all Amanda Cerny posts as shitposts.
Orlando
If she's old enough to be fine, she's old enough to be mine
I can't stand Trump (or Clinton), but if I was going to ditch the jersey it would be over the pathetic display we showed in Dallas last week, not because a white trash lady wants Trump to grab her lady bits.
Nope, you're just a sexist.
I hate race mixing too.
I once did the last time it took a couple minutes and it took a long long to get it to be back on my iPhone.
Well someone has been listening to ACS
i guess i'm lucky that i got the invitation on my paladin's first nightfallen emissary chest.
ending racism by killing all the blacks seems like a really bad deal for him in the long run though
West Coast here, shipped maybe 3 hours ago.
"Hillary calling black people names in the 90's caused me to think it was okay"
PMed
immigration will solve all of our problems!
That's what you get for correcting your mistake
RIGGED
Slut shaming is super cool guys
To the front page you go..
Everything working as intended
She's fighting for us, after all!
I thought Pacers fans were optimistic about this season, I saw a lot of you guys saying your team improved significantly
Its been a problem for a while
hell yeah
But he's a mutt?
I'm sorry you feel that way.
Gonna send poop to your restaurant
Neznam jesam li lokalpatriota al u zgu se stvarno za relativno malu lovu moze jako dobro najest.
Bank robbers aren't to blame, it's the banks fault for not keeping their money more secure.
Getting married was a bad career move for Jon.
I sure hope you aren't letting your MIC and headphones to kick you.
I read that as "the best shorts are unintended shorts" and was trying to figure out what was up with the guys legs through the window.
The Traveler identifies as a bi-nominal, double footed cis-gender giant ball, c'mon guys, its 2016!
It's not like teenagers have other ways of getting pot.
Shoulda voted labor then aye
But isn't one of the biggest reasons to have kids, to have them look after you in old age?
I hope the premiere is just like this!
But... It's an Uncharted Island...
But they work there so they must love it.
Oh yeah, much worse than the Trump crowd!
What difference at this point does it make?
And the world would be better without dinosaurs.
Wigg?
If you think that's bad, you should see the FOV on Deus Ex on console lol
Time to tax the oil industry!
I bet Ken Bone hates this song
Please tell me more of your endless depth of knowledge.
Signed a terran who got no.1 kr gm many times
I'd like to meet your sources and put a bullet in their heads one by one please.
not disagreeing w you but Noel is actually a great passer for his position
But we can't prove their intent for that so we won't prosecute -Weasel Comey
You forgot
Obviously, Putin!
Don't get Demonetized for showing the horrors of war
Then they should have elected the right person.
Sorry missed the
No, conspiracy theorist, stop putting our nation in danger with your appeal for restraint and evidence.
She seems thrilled to be groped by her son.
Because our home grown politicians are models of democratic public service minded individuals?
I thought gun owners were only capable of hurting loved ones and themselves with their weapons?
Yeah, all those soldiers with PTSD should just man up and get over it.
Because it happened in Iceland and not somewhere important like MURICA!
Gaming 10/10
Can we get this downvoted into oblivion so nobody other than us can know about this?
As an overseas voter about to vote at the US Consulate this is great news.
Nah mate hard cut off at 4 years, nothing less will do.
Great... Cant get enough of dem Shitstorms.
Oh didn't you know you could use PTO time to make sure you get holiday pay as well!
She throws like a girl.
Yeah, that winter is so easy to be active in
Just like the full circle of Jews that control the World's Economy!
Are you trying to say that men and women aren't equal?
You can see Sens fans changing shirts in the stands
damn russians
great source
Every 4th of July has to be on Saturday
your so racist you bruise symbols of hate, that's amazing...
clearly tanking again
Haven't been polled... if illegal immigrants can be polled why can't I?
I was totally not being sarcastic, 100% no sarcasm.
You should be a fan of the broncos anyway since half your roster and coach came from us.
But pamaj hits 16-mans in fracture so if I only ever snipe in the game mode I will for sure get views for the YouTube channel I have in my emblem
Well, if you want to go further OP, maybe we should sterilize them to ensure that they don't pass on their genes to the next generation?
I learned about Enrobs plan to roll out a giant broadband service through this film, their plan was to trade data network capacity in the same way it bought and sold energy commodities, which worked so well for California.
But they look so happy as they play, why wouldn't they liked getting filmed?
Hate text is loaded with carbs.
Annnnnnd you just jinxed us!
You need to get the shoe legendary
I guess Gaijin can balance it by lowering its repair cost then!
am admin there, can confirm.
No they don't, I don't know what you're talking about
Could work for Gary Johnson "I want you to feel the Johnson but I won't force the Johnson on you"
Oh my god it's bipedal now, it must be terrible.
Is that Angsty Teen?
Can we have like lootable mini death star containers in Facility 17?
It's not, the only one who would accept the royal marriage offer is Mexico, and Trump wall will stop that from happening
Si mie, dar m-am gandit ca oricum are Sorosh back-up pe nor.
Yeah his ancestors got to rape prisoners or war, they were so much cooler than this nerd!
yes, apple's app store is on it's last legs and yes
Everybody don't vote him quick
well, he was doing that, too!
flat magic pen is good vs carries and bad vs tanks dude...
For the little apple symbol obviously lol
Getting laws like this passed was actually Hillary Clinton's crowning achievement while in the Senate.
Can't blame him for not wanting to live in this post-Brexit England.
Cuck's Anonymous.
They made a serious point about religious hypocrisy actually, I am sure you were enamored by it as an ex-Democrat
This app is ridiculous.
"Innocent before proven guilty" comes to mind.
I think at around 500 you become post-human
Because he has three girls to suck vitality out of that's why
who is it?
Why do you hate freedom?
Well not anymore with rising sea levels.
Not True Americans!
"Quest to kill more people than Stalin" I think that's been on her dream board since high school.
Can't imagine why.
Time to hit soloq
Well this settles it.
White Pajama Bottoms?
Yeah, Vereen really would have bucked the trend
Just flank.
Is this technically a retcon then?
Ye but devs are lazy omgggg
How is this show still on the air?
Yeah how could a noisy car repair shop *possibly* disturb other people in the area?
"Ahead of schedule" Where the schedule said they'd be finished by the time toddlers today are wearing adult diapers.
Police shooting unarmed black men
Because it lets us know that valve's still making money on their game so they wont stop supporting it any time soon
Yep, that music makes me want to kill myself too...
Actually with a draft you would be working with people with a higher IQ and more common sense, lol
People fucking died!
Damn immigrants, stealing our tea-drinking credentials.
this is sarcastic right... there's no
I'll take "or else" for $800 Alex.
N0thing, Stewie2K, Automatic, Shroud, Skadoodle.
In the past there was no point in developing the combustion engine because later computers were invented.
Yeah right, threatening someone who doesn't do what you say is so "Unchristian".
Is it worth watching?
so basically consoles arent for the gaming enthusiastist?
What, you're not happy with hearing about trump grabbing pussies?
Clearly a 3rd degree block with multifocal ventricular complexes
I dont think anyone says its not beinh worked on, just that its so insanely slow
I thought you were going to say the turn singals
But something something uncle internalized racism something something rape patriarchy something something man
Uh, excuse me, but it's actually spelled sen*sei*.
you realize, its Friday the fourteenth, right?
How can they forget the password when they are doing a test restore every month?
you forgot your
Oh silly, you can't purchase a god
With your dick, obviously...
i believe that would be what comes out of a clown car of all male clowns
Sayang namaaaan!
Don't you love when OP is attentive to their posts and answers questions instead of kw'ing?
Not controlling at all, no.
Attention media and Filipinos that wants to sympathize, you are the last hope of De Lima to avoid jail time.
Exactly - until some muppet brings up the wholly often occurring "pedestrian who gets thrown into the road at the last second" scenario as some reason or 'moral question' to stop autonomous vehicles.
Yes because Romanians, Finns and Italians all look the same....
I'm sure when she was hired she was the most qualified applicant on the list
Replace the fish pond with a chicken pond.
Don't you know salt will kill you?
But there's nothing he says comparable to Hitler
This is totally still hilarious and didn't stop being funny weeks ago.
Looks like the Telltale one to me
Phenibut
I'm now wondering if the Trump Train is a code for Trump's long list of sexual assault victims.
Well maybe he isnt accurate enough
Tomorrow night at the first home game, probably.
Bullshit its got a kvlt album art!
They is the best.
They're just trying to sabotage Brexit mate.
Worth it
Yeah hes like #MVP
That's why you're supposed to be fluent in latin
Fax machine
But a career 33% 3-point shooter provides SO MUCH better spacing than career 32% 3-point shooter.
Did you read my username before you used that *incredibly* offensive name?
Didn't realize cable is the only way to get internet to remote areas.
Worked for Starcraft.
Then can Cena turn heel?
Retired banking compliance officer, so......... yeah, you're the expert
You should buy another 100 pack
Because anyone who says anything that can remotely be construed as feminist is clearly an overly emotional shrieking harpy
That's what you get for preordering
He will soon be joined by Dixie Carter and whomever is current heavyweight champion of TNA when it sells out to WWE and Vince.
How many pearl necks and GS levels do you have?
Nah, most WWII/Holocaust deaths were whities, who gives a shit?
I think you dropped this:
Who needs schools when you can have a football stadium?
I was lost without this explanation
Good to see discussion is still alive and well on here
Voting for trump eh?
The fact that she was a delegate for Hillary at the DNC convention has nothing to do with it.
learn to be independent then?
We wuz been pushing by the white man created hurricanes n sheet
You forgot the
It's late
You forgot the
"Dont worry about the IV machine that was beeping, I turned it off for you"
Ban the gay marriages and force the women to carry pregnancies, but god help me if I pay more taxes.
"But you can't be lost if you're on a trail!"
When 1BTC=$1M
you are allowed to be wrong.
No of course not thatd be stupid
Unlike Pepe, Peep is sexist, not racist.
You dropped this
No, clearly you should have sued the manufacturer as they should have known that selling a vehicle like the H2 would lead people to not follow the laws and end up getting into an accident.
Yes, completely logical, morally correct and fundamentally a natural part of a civilized, evolved society to beat the living shit out of someone for perceived inferiority.
^ what he said, playbns is poor adaption from chinese client with current lvl 50 cap
What about the *girls*?
At the Hotel Palomar, I think valet was ~$63/night, which makes DC and Boston parking seem reasonable in comparison - I booked the 'valet included' package to get it down to something reasonable - but yeah, complete waste of money if downtown, I was doing a road trip tour and so it was unavoidable.
Let's change the title to just "Super" while we're at it...
It's our own fault, the liberal agenda we shoved down their throats is provoking an allergic reaction and has to go out somewhere.
Racism is prejudice plus power, and because women don't have power, they can't be racist.
Or sue the company for fat shamming
the conspiratorial mind a weak mind that gives more credence to flights of fancy than facts and reality
I'm glad you finally realized it.
The Russians!
Fake is not the right word here, that implies it was intended to trick people into thinking it was real (and while that could be the case, we don't know and shouldn't assume as much.)
Toxic players lose 27% more games and end up in bronze with you
Moon demo releases 12 hours after the Sun demo.
Just give Loki a disguise kit
Which is why it makes sense that modders will make good AI rather than the company raking in billions who supposedly develops the game..
No way is he going to regret this...
Shit this guy doesn't have a
You clearly don't understand the depth and intricacies of puppy/baby relationships
Dick pic
sent pm with link
Ugh this video is nothing like the old videos Sellouts...
And your shittyness!
Would be absolutely insane if priest or paladin could throw down a spell power minion and heal for one extra hp.
Mere serfs don't deserve the right to vote.
Uhh, its called negotiation dude...
yeah because they wouldn't have drowned with those.
Yay for stunt doubles.
She's so pretty!
She's mentally ill and we know this because mental illness is exclusive to one race which all know but can't say because of pc culture.
Ok thank you
But you're playing on an Xbox one....
Sakura
Dan vraag ik me af wat jij verstaat onder knap.
Just grab them by the pussy.
They should have always been called crappers if you ask me.
don't be misogynist
Please god tell me you dropped your
That means she won, right?
If you spread sedition, you deserve to be jailed!
Genetically incapable of using chopsticks and will starve to death if not bring own fork and knife everywhere you go.
ITT : SEC BIAS CONFIRMED
Not in New Jersey once you attempt to conceal it's considered theft so I depends on the state
I can help!
you forgot the
i want it so i can shove it up my ass and please myself with those nice, soft, fan blades, mmm....
i got dual GTX 1080's just so i could max out GTA 3 and run it at 600 FPS
Didn't grab the facemask....
No no you misunderstood he only wants those scary brown people gone not the good hard working white people.
Nah, it's because of that scummy OP Bastet backdoor
Rocket
He prefers curling now?
I feel like his sets would be insane live.
Many of the local refugee camps are extremely dangerous and unstable.
Oh, the irony.
I think you forgot the
you dropped your
You are in good company.
o
Sorry forgot the
Hey weebs can be ripped too!
there's more than one head?
yeah it's so hard to find a girl that appreciates a big dick
Of course, because SA thoroughly cleaned all the garage to get rid of any spattered blood
I was thinking more of meeting up with a different set of housewives than his wife, wink wink.
HAHA sexual assault is only violent if it's done against women.
Don't worry, Gregory will save us week 15.
He's not a fuckboi, he's a fuck _man_
I swear i just saw this one 5 hours ago...
They fixed it by making the screen less efficient so it used up more battery!
Ah yes, because everyone knows that the mean probability is best tested with one random data point
I wish I had a more noble reason for losing weight other than society pressuring me.
Are you saying democrats are rigging the system with this ruling?
At least she's consistent
Just gotta wait till he gets pushed to the top now
And most people don't even put the effort part, just stand at a stairs on any of the four gates and wait for others to clear the meta for you, yay!
Dang, forgot that pistols don't have short barrels
Because CNN is a holy authority of unbiased news coverage
Haiti got wrecked, but there hasn't been a Katy Perry concert for them so no one cares.
I'm sure the illegality of the act is going to stop the government from doing it.
Passa mais credibilidade.
About as real as Christianity
But, I thought "Candidate Obama" promised us he'd shut down the prison?
In Paul We Trust
Under Trump, you could afford that gold
Gundam tells me that this is gonna be good idea
Yeah, because giving her the ability to spam several daggers in a row while having them have a cooldown before the charges refresh would tottaallly make her trash-tier.
Human rights always being annoying
Only because they got there on a road paved by the Little Sisters of the Poor.
STFU, it was just locker room banter!
That's because it's not relevant to current US elections
you forgot to put an
Yes it is a stupid card but they wouldn't ban it.
We're talking about Brook Lopez not Stephen Curry or LeBron James.
It's just a visual Glitch
so if I can some how proxy through lets say japan, id have access now.
Flair checks out
THE ABSOLUTE MADMAN
And the girl would be the first to get arrested for distribution of this filth
if she were my girlfriend, i would get out and get the tire for her, so she wouldn't have to lift a finger, all while reminding her what a beautiful special flower she is
I think he's flying the flag upside down because he secretly hates Britain and everything it stands for.
I bet if you look close enough, it is actually 4 Sam Bradfords on Mount Rushmore.
Two nukes weren't enough
Looks like someone payed a bribe
you mean NA GE - EU Nova 3
Nah, he is a C bro...
No, just recognized as ridiculously gullible.
How many keys you offering for lime vortex?
Can you stovepipe jam a cannonbreach?
I thought the video was faked
But look at that beard
What part of that statement is factually untrue?
It's easier to deport stacked caskets I suppose.
i'll miss getting shrekt by you pizzaman (if you are the pizzaman that ive been playin against).
We vape, 'scuse you.
Well, they are brown.
But where will all the women throwing themselves at me sit?
How dare you hold cops to the same standards as human beings.
Thanks for your optimism, it really made my day.
From the looks of it, you should slow down a few hundred miles per hour.
Fuck the exhaust, weight reduction bro!
Wait, if I shift my Accord into sport mode does that improve pictures I take of it?
Me too, reset for me is soloing Crota for the millionth time trying to get Blackhammer!
How dare you attribute a player's ineffectiveness due to a solid defensive display?
Well why didn't you just work harder, you lazy millennial?
All those downvoters can tell!
Thank you for correcting the record
So will SDF.
One option is to live in an area with a lot of break-ins, you will learn quickly not to leave ANYTHING In the car
yes pretty standard, I do this every other round
He needed Pippen to get a ring
The shot right before the replay looks fucking badass, "the job is done" :)
That's used to erase paper and not pen marks
Lemon, honey and ginger
Big order is the reason im working in the Asylum.
Every priest is a concede priest if you play in ranked :)
You mean football?
{{Pantheism of the Monarchs}} is a perfectly fair and balanced card
yes but do you have any REAL evidence?
Is that the 42 year duration new half penny tax?
Well, considering the body size of that squirrel...
and now you're a pothead, congrats
After watching ancient aliens we now know it was an ancient deathray!
Am sure these guys got a fair market rate for their loan.
Yay, more tie-ins!
No, but you see Europe doesn't have as many black people and mexicans to oppress so they're not racist.
You beat me to it lol daily thread for the next month?
You forgot the period at the end.
I can't believe we traded away Chandler to feature Sheard.
Right, I forgot that domestic terrorists do that with reckless abandon with absolutely no thought to who is seeing them do it.
reported enjoi vac
You forgot the
It was a joke based on his shingles cream commercials, should've put an
Who doesn't declare i as a global variable?
Just buy an Apple Watch!
Because Mills has higher upside!
Almost like the impartial, unbiased media doesn't want us to see this video..................
Guys, guys stop, apparently we can't complain because we aren't entitled to anything.
Creeper no creeping
I guess police being present is enough to incite violence now.
i got my rm1x for $150, and it kills anything even remotely close at that price
If only we had a good faceoff guy like Lars Eller on the team...
Natural welterweight
At least it's better than the 1000th "MOMENTINCRIME IS 100% GUYZ"
No silly Hanzo is the one with the bow.
You're right, but I think you're missing the
It's shit i hope it get's buffed
Which are so effective at stopping my Iowa representatives
k
People chewing food with their mouth open 24/7 mm wow I wish people would do it around me more so that I could muster up the courage to just fucken merk myself already
You dropped this:
Source: me
Damn, I was hoping to see Skyrim on this sale.
Don't give the devs any ideas
I am sure it was Hillary personally who told them to dump shit in the sewer, not some rented driver who didn't care.
So he made a joke on a comedy show....the horror
You don't know what you're doing either so this argument is invalid
More like -5 charisma
Even a mod can drop the
Yeah it's not like her emails show that she's committed crimes or anything
Have you tried Archaeology?
Cleary did not prevent Hillary from entering Bernie's and chased him out of the race :(
I wonder what she was thinking when she was ordering the release of that into the street
Health points
Oh look the asshole/gangster nod, color me surprised
Yeah, theres absolutely no way that calling someone a "good girl" could backfire, right?
Possibly not the best time to announce you're at your desk watching This Morning, while posting on Reddit...
Remember, unless you tell them it's illegal, it's not illegal.
With that context I need to see this video again.
no man's sky
But the only way to get rid of hate groups is to write scathing satirical articles...
Clearly most black people have ties to activision and infinity ward.
Blasphemy!
nah, the mere implication that you (Voted Leave / Supported UKIP / Might be right of centre) makes anything you have to say invalid ^
It's really hard to sort by top: all time actually, so I appreciate this post greatly.
Well, you see, the child has a lot of stress and anxiety and worry... As you'll notice, he's also going bald, and has premature gray hairs.
Because Trump rugged the primaries.
You're right, if we lose we'll be 4-3 and I'm guessing no team in NFL history went to the playoffs after starting the season 4-3...
Off topic maybe , but I think all guardians should be revived once the boss is dead.
Obama wasn't either, and look how he turned out.
Excellent, I've been waiting for this information.
Isn't TanookiSuit3's YouTube channel called "deadgrumps"?
Can't beat a Blue Ribbon!
But... but... how can they eat beef, its a holy cow for god sake
Because Russia and China would be so much more benevolent in our place.
Duh, ofc 8 &lt; 64, you need 8x more !
evidently you don't understand how this modern "app economy" works
TRIGGERED!
This.
But you can't kill what is already dead...
Obviously it's all to test our faith.
Don't worry OP, you only need to connect to the internet once!
Finally those damn cows can stop fucking up our planet!
that sounds shitty but a worse wrong doesnt make a wrong right in fact, while the gears thing sounds way more frustrating because it effects the majority of the community, there is still a small portion of this community who spent money under false pretenses and is having their money kept that isnt a small wrong, at least gears didnt advertise saying "no microtransaction" then have them this community cant even band together to get their fellow smite players what is rightfully theirs by something as objective as a case of false advertising this is such a sad day :/ at least we will get a cutesy avatar thru rng chests
AMEN!
TL;DR The hack dev bailed on them
More shill bucks hard at work.
I didn't think this needed
Unless they put their hands up first.
but but but but but you can't be addicted to things that aren't drugs!
Spitters are Quitters.
Well it shouldn't be, with such "strong feminist viewpoints" like hers
Should have marked it NSFW.
aka 'Peg fans are corporate shills
Yeah, All my comments recently have been shit.
Just jump off the map and recast it
Rape accusers don't age, they're like vampires.
Yes, because being horrified that he would murder white women and children in their sleep obviously means that we condone what the masters did.
Wow, battery stats: 1 day left and already 4 hrs SoT.
Don't go there .... lol
very few rares at oceanside pier, which really sucks.
Even though it's a mistake, I still think his shooting is underrated in FIFA 17.
I thought the liberals did not have factions.
No, you're the puppet!
WRONG!
I saw that and had to rewind several times just to make sure I was seeing it right.
Oh, so true
They needed space for the huge 'Night Shift' button, silly!
Clowns are out this year as well, didn't you hear
It's that McCormick and Schmick's takeout place you always hear about.
Like Slashy Souls!
Shino for Akatsuki 2016 confirmed.
This is a drag queen subreddit, not a biological woman subreddit.
No no no, Trump doesn't lie, he just invents new truths.
1/10 for playing Goblin.
I tried this tip but I only get it about 30% of the time.
You can look, it's called poll watching
*None of the people dressed as her watched it and are just appropriating nerd culture.
Quarter squat your way to r/fitness
**Baby-killers*
Hey you have the intro every episode.
Not even diamond rings, vendor.
Not even 600, fucking trash.
The kind of person who will vote for Trump because the system is so unfair.
We have found the EA employee
Ugh so classy, much respect, such honor.
Very helpful
Ridley is too big for handhelds.
My byali
Because clearly the only reason these ~females~ wouldn't jump all over their dicks is because they're too shy to admit they really want it
That's why the confederates were allowed to leave the union.
Can't wait for this civilian employee of TPS to get the book thrown at them...
Of course it sucked, it's name was an acronym afterall, and almost all games fir acronyms for names are doomed to fail right from the very beginning.
Wait a sec, shouldn't all the cool Easter egg shit have happened on day 666 since Activision is really the puppet master behind Bungie?
Then take up scootering
North Korea, for example, is swimming in their generosity
Nah its a canvas
If yiu buy Battlefield 4 premium sure.
Easy now, don't need to know their safe word... oh...
Oki doki, but what about Donald grabbing pussies?
Cheezitz moving sponsorship to JGR and Matt Kenseth confirmed
Great, now they will bootloop AND catch on fire
Hopefully a stand-alone Kenobi film would have plenty of Dexter Jetser!
Yes, cause comparing yourselves to ye good ol' days is always a very efficient way of encouraging them to move forward
No, all medical professionals are required to adhere with standard precautions for every patient, and increased precautions for some.
More fracking always leads to good things.
Yeah same with Verlander
Well that makes sense.
At least we got the amazing scorched earth
First he would've done a sweet flip, and then he would've pulled his gun out of his trench coat, shot all of the kids, blown the smoke from the tip of the muzzle, say a pun-liner and then ticker tape parade and awarded the key to the city.
I'd prefer Mortal Kombat X, but MK8 is alright.
Very bold, downvoted for having the wrong opinion.
Hillary said that 17 intelligence agencies have confirmed the hacks were by the russians, so it must be true.
That just means the rigging is worse than we thought!
Clearly you are a dirty beta male.
That's precisely what I had in mind while writing this post.
"Obviously.."
Oh Dang!
Nuh uh lazy Devs don't want to work on AI.
I make sure to wear a top that covers my ass if I wear them and most other women I see wearing them do the same.
You just need to spend more time making fun of them, thats why youre not seeing them.
Yea but if anyone wrote a diss on him it may get used
Well, he has black friends so he's obviously not racist.
Aaron Rodgers, even though he never gets talked about
Whatever transphobe
Honestly the part I'm most looking forward to are all the hotties I'll be picking up on my layovers.
It's probably not that a big deal though, because as part of the giant, worldwide medical conspiracy that covers up that vaccines are actually CHEMICAL POISON, nurses probably have a shit tonne of hush money saved up.
Forgot to
But, but, the fraudsters are so good they never get caught!
then* they should
THIS.
Hyman is a fuckin stud
HA CAUGHT YOU
Well, if there's an 80 second video from 8 years ago, we better assume it's a widespread problem.
From modders, duh!
It's MasterRace Dugtrio, get it right peasant.
buybuyuby
i literally cried laughing at avril lavigne
Has it exploded yet?
Because NASA have orbited a comet and landed on one before
vote Donald Trump to make Pokemon GO Great again
Put my beloved home state of New York at the top!
Nazi Germany USA
How does it feel, being a helpful member of the community?
Love it, can't wait to buy it!
Well today's the day you learn boy!
So basically you want a man that will always be there to hold your earrings for you while you cut a bitch?
Obviously your skin must be darker than your brother's
Dumb idea, Overwatch is dominating the moba gaming market even though it's a fps
Sounds legit..
Another PS exclusive!
Do you have an example of a game advertised as F2P where you HAVE to spend money to play it?
But Saab's SUV was the 9-7x!
Wait I thought it takes years to get a doctor appointment in Canada.
I really doubt it, everyone on OldFnatic said KrimZ was a neutral guy Perhaps he became emotional after the break up
This is what Jesus would have wanted!
You should probably go to the race on Sunday!
Yeah, Gears of War 4 was a 55GB download, then I had to download a 400+MB day 1 patch.
They'll all live in Toronto and Vancouver, of course.
Can't be rigged, the Bills are 4-2
"Parking extra"
Cursed Ark Tower coming soon ^TM
I bet you don't either without googling some buzzwords.
*Waits to see you banned from reddit for a week for spelling that out...
Really glad I sold my extra Gideons like the day before this announcement
Any Colts fans in Indy?
Asshole thing to do to a animal.
Fuck KD am I rite guys?
They're the real terrorists
CM Punk return confirmed !
Yea, because the DS series is SOOOOOOOOOOOOOO DIFFERENT in each release.
Hey, he's one of those guys who tells it like it is.
But he's suppose to be play Miles Morales guys!
But in 2019 Juventus is the best team in the world.
only if it's a pitbull in private hands...
Yes that will fix being rushed
I work for Dyn, I can tell you we can't confirm a Mirai-based attack (or not) yet.
I think you made a good point, but I got bored and didn't read your second paragraph.
That's one big ol pupper
this doesn't count, don't you know as long as they're Japanese, they're smark approved?
And somehow most kids knew that dropping an anvil on someone's head or falling off a cliff weren't something that was okay to do in real life.
No, repent
He's my fancast for Black Racer
of course.
ELI5 why this building didn't fall but the WTC did?
Lets give this attention seeking clickbait more attention!
Heartwarming to see all these patriots trying to put themselves in positions where they can improve the country.
Yeah thanks for leaving me out of it Don't gotta be a dick about it
It's okay she has her CS to pay for Blue Buffalo now
I'm sure a total noob who was 30 levels behind you had all the idea of what you were doing to them.
Eastern state bias
Adam invented hashcash which is Bitcoin already
If only we had a candidate who's been president 6000 times.
The clickbait on that title is fucking impressive.
Hamilton saved a ton of fuel using this technique at Malaysia.
What a terrible site and how do you know the race of the shooter?
Well there's no arguing with that logic...
#F A P K I N S FTFY
Save style traditional though
In response to a comment above.
Duh, the violent and racist Tea Party.
How very anti-vegan of you
Nah, She wasnt balanced, Bring release guan yu, He is balanced :)))).
Your religion of birth didnt influence you at all.
Cross-franchise Mega EE confirmed
Good suggestion for people that hate playing the game
8 minute compilation of cringe
The smart people double down with a 16 against a 10 showing.
It's just locker room talk, everyone does it.
Well you need to start taking things more seriously then!
and you were just practicing, imagine it had been for real!
Sounds legit.
This is Rigged
OMGGGGGGGGGGGGG
Thanks a lot kephrii...
Your life might be sad :C
Natural shooting motion
I don't see any problem with this report,he is clearly telling you that player doesn't exist.
You dropped this
It's apparently a suggested name by bnet.
THIS MONKEY IS A FUCKING DISGRACE.
his fault was being born as human......or maybe Indonesian : /
But double standards exists and feminisms is bad m'kay.
Do you really want to compare football trophy cases?
Lucky for you that you didn't decide to emulate TTYD, because if you do I'ma gonna have ta chop ya up and feed ya to deh Nibbles.
Looking forward to the day cig side effects are a reason I can get an MM script.
Forgot the
I found some pills and I [ate them]
...Thank you for putting that image in my head.
Don't worry guys, he will totally keep his word about Supreme Court picks
dropped the
inb4 misappropriating black culture
Back up a click or two, that's pretty far don't you think?
but how can there be trillions if there are only 7 ppl on earth
Yeah that's likely to happen
Whose balls?
It's completely fair because men have been doing it for millennia
Genocide doesn't count if it's against Christians
you forgot the
What would be the point of all that Soros funding then?
I hear that's great for your prostate
Funny, but probably should have put an
But... but crowd sizes, shit polls, ashamed voters and podesta emails.
Hardest league in the world la
What about Supes black half brother Val-Zod
Yes, that's exactly what he was saying.
Well, without it you might get infected by a firmware rootkit, but at least your PC will still be *free*!
stop slut-shaming
True,true.
What Hail Mary?
Such a burn!
Yea cops should only use their weapons after they have been shot multiple times!
Obviamente porque el ladron no le intento robar al hombre dando a entender que la mujer era mas facil y por lo tanto inferior
This is exactly why you're supposed to use
It's just the Vikings guys.
Excuse you my tables plastic, not everyone can afford wooden takes, check your privledge.
seems legit
At this point I really wouldn't care if DF just told us everything he knows and gave us all the steps to finding what we need
I think you'll find Kimi clearly fucked himself by joining Ferrari.
im blind too hope u dont notice that i can type perfectly fine
You clearly didn't understand what he was asking...
Well at least the logo rule well help prevent gang violence and it's definitely not a power trip rule!
Now you need 87.
Oh yes the people on this thread have a problem with the white race in its entirety
Forgot to add the
I think he forgot
Lemon jolly ranchers
Mhmm, thats what millions of people saw.
Which one did I get
Im sorry I cant talk to you unless you have at least 2000 karma
So glad they shaved off those 3 seconds of the evolve animation!
Sounds great!
I'm calling bullshit: At 2:30 in the video you claim to be making money via engineering; *everybody* knows that engineering is useless in Legion and you can't make money off it.
But what does this have to do with Clinton
For as long as I've played, so at least a couple of weeks.
Filthy casual not even custom
I pity the sorry bloke that has to deal with the flak that his boss invites by running his mouth.
some legend books: Whitebeard, Boa and I believe Rayleigh and Sengoku, but very low drop rate early rare recruit skill books: supernovas, whitebeard commanders part 1, other early straw hat skill books (Story mode, G3, Streaming wolf Zoro etc) As you can see, most of them are bad.
Look at any footage of Paul feig and tell me he isn't goddamned hilarious
Yes, that's why I try to consume media with as few Jewish people involved as possible.
Yeah that's why we should sell kids alcohol, just because we give them the ability to drink doesn't mean I'm putting the bottle to their lips.
Sorry Seb, It was Max his intention to only ruin Daniel's race by parking where he did
Be sure to watch them constantly to see how they react to things.
Could have sworn you were Swedish for a minute there
But people are more uptight and easily offended in today's society!
The point of graphs is not so you understand the data, but for the data to look pretty.
But if it's not sizzling, you're not doing it right!
knew i should've added a
Why do South Africans always want things for free
Don't be ridiculous, you can't unlock 120 achievements like that.
But OP you still can't build a PC so joke's on you
buttons on left side must be for left handed
Yeah, he took no joy in killing the leftover termites at all.
that mustache is super hot!
needs more realism, bring in the brown pants
Sorry, should have added
updoot because gril
No it doesn't work the other way round because vaginas
What rules on the website?
Very brave position your taking there.
That sounds like an amasing woman
Slash should just do away with mana, we already ruined the integrity of the game with maphacks and no drop
BUT HE'S PRO-LIFE!
because that is so important to protecting the country
defininetly
a slash only counts on whole sticks, not broken ones
Shes just an object anyway, whats the big deal?
UVXY
Can we modify the petition to have him replace Joe Buck forever?
Well, how else is she supposed to make it through the day?
yeah the holocaust is hilarious haha
Corey Lewendowski showed it is OK, because he was never charged.
The article made the signing bonus sound somewhat significant.
Nah man, I've gotta play that Support Fortune
And here I was thinking I'd have to get up at 5am for this.
But the parents didn't care, remember that 2 second clip of one of the adults smiling that proved it?
Not Exodia, Obelisk, of Slifer, 0/10
But but look at the smoking pile of ruin formerly known as Germany, there isn't one woman there that's been unraped
but it's an unfair twist!
Whales can totally drown man
and here i thought it was a brown leather seat
BUT BURNY SANDERS DID NOTHING WRONG!
there's no way you're nearly two millenia old.
Is that why they're called that?
But as a healer I should have been able to deal the same damage as a dpser.
Lesbians just need to find their Ben Affleck.
Photoshop them out.
He seems nice.
My favorite episode every year!
Ah, that explains why I couldn't find the new quests in Dalaran :P I just assumed the patch had hit overnight.
which has everything to do with how that Titan's raid armor looks.
Gee, I wonder why your sisters are having so much boy trouble.
But she's blonde and comely and doesn't look like a toad like Stone or Ailes do, she couldn't possibly be evil!
in next months dev release, they'll make it a pixel feature
Why the fuck are you using a hashtag after the number
Sarcasm is easily detected through text.
It isn't a choice but a requirement when the minimum wage does not allow you to support yourself after 40 hours at work.
Because real gamers don't work duh!
But he is German
Here I'll put this here for you:
Yeah because cutting sales price to increase sales and increase revenue isnt a common business practice at all
You forgot
It's a good thing I have Luck then
Stops bard tunnel tho, I'm guessing they would be coded the same or similar
Get better taste in music.
That's when they coined the phrase, "If there's grass on the field let's play ball."
Because this is a championship team that is only missing a QB as its final piece to make a Superbowl run in the next 2 years?
Thanks.
lol...naaaaaaaaa
Yes however we retain a modicum of culture
temporal displacement
But he broke the Bradford/Foles trade!
Okay give me a day or something and I'll try to figure it out :)
Also don't forget to put on skate guards before you hit the ice
Geez, bro, it's not like *you* were squeezing the baby out, you had plenty of time to call!
I commented 'dangle-land' on the post game thread before he posted that to facebook, so I'm just going to go ahead and take credit for everything here.
How many more of these posts are you going to make?
Write an amendment to the voting function and add it to the next branch update
oh boy, I can't wait for that amazing piece of writing to occur!
Yea, throw someone in a concentration camp for drug possession, sounds fair to me.
ping is like download speed higher=faster
Yeah, that's always worked out so well.
Rigged!
You don't need stairs in space anyway, you just float right up the elevator shaft
But at-will is included as a provision in employment contracts, so there's no contractual remedy available to OP or anyone in similar circumstances.
Not when you're protecting true PATRIOTS from a lie-based defamation campaign led by people who want to destroy the nation.
I love this every time I hear it.
Ramos is on the pitch, just noticed.
Oblivion's horse armor DLC
Well, it's good to see that we are quickly closing the incarceration gap.
Should've added an
Yea better to throw people in jail for possessing a small amount of bud.
Don't forget soda, caffeine can age you so badly don't you know?
They wont perm ban for buying, only selling
Nate Silver
Well obviously women are stupid if one of them chose him.
Oh, well I was planning on ramming this van but since it is full of churchy types, I'll be much more careful.
Fair enough, I don't really fancy paying $10.00 for something that should be free
Idk, maybe Israel should throw them a parade like the "moderate" Palestinian Authority would.
I have flesglight to do the deed, thank you
Definitely crying, don't know why I thought you had a poor grasp on reading.
TIL mormons don't wear shorts or short sleeves
It's the price we pay to live in a civilized society.
I thought it was great until you said something, now I just don't know anymore
IDK man, this make me want to vote HRC.
The song I'm blue by Eiffel 65 would take on a whole new meaning
yeah i remember that last game where an obvious cheater played solo and the whole team actually kicked him instead of taking a free win
I dunno, both FVR and JPE were born and raised in the north.
Damn conservatives slashing sex ed from schools is what it is
We are so fortunate to have Trump fighting through those painful bone spurs (which forced him to defer military service) lecture the former dean of the Army War College about military strategy.
that's what you get for having a perfectly symmetrical mouth!
Why do you think it's only 30...
How do you reach equality if you aren't making the formerly dominant group go through the same struggles that ~~you~~ your ancestors went through?
I wonder why the didn't use a penguin in the first place.
Yeah, horses inside Sherman Tanks would be awesome
Hmm I like that but my build was more of a fabricate servos, [[master trinketeer]], then have them all swing for 5
Putting our tax dollars to great use!
You'd think they'd bring in another hurler from the bullpen at some point.
Don't tell me they replaced those delicious fries!
I think the misspelling adds credibility and sting to your comment.
boost me to champion so we can play doubles and i can shit talk you :)
No ground pound, no jetpack boosts, no superhero abilities...
The great Eichenwalde civil war.
Difference is, Hitler had the right idea
Hole in one!
And this is why no one liked Perkins.
That's your parent tho
"That Nakamura kid doesn't know how to work, should stay down in NXT indefinitely".
But did you multiple it by all the possible names (Step 3)?
Why would you need to be protected from vocational rehabilitation?
It's only 40 lbs bro
You can't tell me what to do.
Yes because that worked for Microsoft
you forgot this:
You forgot the
What if we need to shut the fuck up and enjoy this?
Yeah I never believe what my friends tell me
Because that's how every other text editor works
Agreed
If you want a real colon cleanse though, sugar free Haribo bears will clean your intestines.
Just a semester of tuition at college
10-4 over and out
Pedantic fucking idiot.
So...did she die?
I ride a bicycle to and from work, quit breathing muh oxygens Tesla owner!
But he earned that money out of his own pocket unlike crooked Hilary
Yea but she doesn't have a smile on her face 24/7 so she's unlikeable.
Thanks for being open and honest with us
Am Russian, can confirm
Arrest: it's what young people deserve for daring to hang out with their friends or walk around at night.
like pepe?
Nah they're fucking dopers the lot of them.
No way to know who she voted for
The one thin I hate about Barry Obame is that he started a bunch of wars...
\#shebelongs
This is a choice I have made and am happy with
Unlike Trump, who has absolutely zero ties to Russia
But but but laws are infallible and people who break them are evil
But how did you find the time not to drink?
Just daily pull a couple orlandu in a couple months, easy peasy.
Because if things come down to it and the threat has pushed its way into your classroom, it's best for everyone to remain defenseless.
yep Woosa mountain powers and healing ability are so op right now
Inb4 "Economy measures rigged to make Obama look good before election"
exportweltmeister ftw
Same here in the netherlands.
Never seen this one before
So we're regressing science back to geocentrism?
Minutes not miles lol, I should have put an
Wow 2.9% wow that's explosive
Reddit needs a safe space.
Well, some parts still look better on PC (the hair especially) and it also doesn't dip below 24 on PC, so sadly you'll miss out on the cinematic experience the ps4 and xbox one deliver
Abama, obviously.
Here, you seemed to have dropped this:
Women
Everyone knows gym rules don't apply to trainers
He was the size of both your hands and legs?
He said *buried* with him, not killed and then buried with him.
Now you're just being nasty!
They can always increase Horrify cooldown to make it more impactful.
My life rule is similar: I never pay for albums or digital media if I can steal it instead.
Nah man, it's all the system.
You can still brick with that deck and get OTK'ed *smh*
Double Trackpads
Spoilsport.
Guess I should have put
Just like reddit to go applauding a pedophile.
Those two turbos are so sexy.
I love the sound of a lawn mower first thing in the morning
"I know some transgendered people, so that makes me their authorized spokesperson!"
There's no L or F in THANOS
women arent people, they are given to us by god so we can stare at their boobs
So is the PNP just another Davao Death Squad?
30 mins more.
Good suggestions.
Nah, I'm sure private interests will place maintenance and prevention above immediate, blind payout.
Don't tell Erin Burnett that...she says this raises "questions"
You could always add a
Is that the one where you fly straight into the neutron star and *zooooom* you find yourself all the way back 2200ly where you started?
maxing out the lato is easy see ya in 666 minutes
And it is a fragmovie, unless you have some other definition.
To drop tre-bombs
And why does everyone care about ESPN so much?
This is so close to how some liberals actually sound like, you might have to include a
Well, they litter pot containers...
Voter fraud doesn't exist so this must be a fake story.
Not as much as Coutinho.
Everyone knows that releasing an ovum is a voluntary function.
60 votes to repeal obamacare is a great use of our tax dollars.
The Ontario Liberals will surely operate a scientifically sound and trustworthy early study of this novel social idea.
They're brown, so they obviously did something wrong.
Finanzmoslem statt Finanzjude?
Oh yeah forgot America and Britain are even remotely similar countries when it comes to similar violence and poverty rates
Maybe EU will stop being so salty about Riot not caring about them...
I'm italian and I'm offended by this.
Assuming any of us in Reddit is over 6k.
I'm not your buddy, pal!
This is what happens when you forget to use your
I guess that a normal impulse when you see Chara about to run you over.
Is this new?
Because we have Spanish sounding surnames?
It's actually "seppuku", you filthy gaijin, desu.
How dare you not try your heart out in every single game you play in league.
Yeah *the blacks* have it too well here amirite, if they're not real patriots they should just go back to Africa where they're *really* from.
Looks like the tire pressure was a little high.
It seems Flynn is arranging some meetings
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahha nice
I don't believe that at all.
hilarious.
Username checks out
includes genji mains
they were finally starting to become humble, but then they were given scott on a platter.
At least they spare us when they surpass the current winning time.
Wait she does that often?
As a person who felt suicidal for the first time in middle school and has struggled with it to this day, a lack of purpose feels like hell.
Your
The main antagonist of The Simpson's is Mr Burns.
Democracy in action!
Damn, kylo ren must be bored.
Zach Scott
Ohhh, you DIDN'T say anything
Lmao man this was forever ago
Do you think Suez would be better if they added the final bunker points and the oasis, the same ones you fight over in Rush / Operations.
r/dankchristianmemes
It has 5000 upvotes because it's made of pure, golden colored spider silk, not because the dress is well designed.
Np
You either die a condiment, or you live long enough to become a sandwich.
Noot noot!
FNAFSL2: Sister Sewer
Yeah that's totally not a false equivalency and is a great analogy
(((Edgy.)))
Another loser in the way of traffic, Hola.
Don't squirrels get crazy when they get older?
Haha it's pretty lit if I do say so myself
Start bench cut
Damn even better
That's so reductive and easy to say.
What's a better term?
Oh.
I went on vacation with a bunch of friends (bad idea) went to the casino (bad idea) spent more than I was comfortable losing (bad idea) got a shuttle back to our hotel room alone (bad idea) and started drinking.
Since Crazy Plant Lady has been getting some praise around here, how long will it be until MSM labels her a sexist, misogynist, xenophobic, islamophobia white supremacist symbol?
Probably someone more healthy, like Jimmy Carter, will take her place
Soooo this is the one time where you don't support time travel?
7/8/6 mix
A lot of Tina costumes im surprised there aren't more of the other girl I can't remember her name.
It was more of a joke oops, guess I shoulda put
How much tread is left on the tires, and have you checked your tire pressures recently?
Your class order hall pieces could take a gathering enchant
Come to the light Bernie, if you truly have integrity.
Hold Trump accountable to a higher standard than recent Presidents have been held at.
There were some great Marvel sets too, with some very nice paintings.
Good luck getting us to believe they have nearly the numbers you do CTR.
Yeah nothing wrong with some love handles.
Kinda late, his first half was bad.
Straight out of Obama's casting playbook.
Yes it does
i wonder why so hidden?
Yeah but nothing says that in the release.
I second this
Ah
Just get a 2 tb external drive off amazon.
or you know, they'd be able to give an analysis of the cultural/historical conditions that render that "pomo" bromide possible.
Maybe this was the guy who was behind that "Nimble America"?
Yes, a character historically assumed to have had sex with women confirmed in one panel in one comic to have had sex with women is "pandering".
He hit Legend with shaman, that's not something everyone could manage.
Home.
Not crap but i use mine...often.
Is just a game, why you have to be mad?
Reminds me of the saying, don't piss on me and tell me it's raining.
T_d doesn't care
Meh.....I expected better
just got back, he doesn't play it sadly
Yay!
Well, that's their fault for having it appear in public TBH, but I would feel embarrassed too if that happened, so it makes sense
She's the bitch in this
Thanks but mummy already makes the best tendies
dwight is better than horford
if iphone was its own company separate from apple, it'd still be in the fortune 100
I saw somewhere that RuPaul was straight but he just likes wearing drag
when you wanna win back the PC gamer so you make all your games free #justubisoftthings
Lol
Nothing but if you use buzz words it looks bad
I don't get it
He must be, because I never heard of him, or Wake Forest.
But in this case that window is the civil rights of Muslims, Latinos, immigrants and women.
Can someone please explain to me why this is a problem?
^ this
God, even when I agree with their general point, that program is just un fucking watchable
illuminati
Just how old are you?
Anyone working in assisted living jobs.
You can play it on mobile now.
"We?"
What did NA have to do with this I'm confused
You can replace your broken troops with Naga troops if you take that class hall upgrade.
Yeah, if you are not careful they will start to unionize.
OP's dad fucks
Eat people, save earth
Even if he had a permit, you can't just pull a gun on someone.
Hnnnggg!
Omg so sassy
i have crums in my mechanical keyboard should i take off the keys and clean out everything or use compressed air?
Just put the serial in the Notes and makes it so Notes' column shows up, double clicking it put it in the clipboard.
Trials by far is not competitve, not considering the actual tournaments Destiny has.
Boy do I love me some free market
This is literally said in every thread/comment section that has to do with a body part.
Don't even hear them half the time as I have headphones in and am usually in a rush
Extra crispy
Grah why don't the lip flaps match up with the caption
Care to elaborate?
Talked with a lot of montage makers before about this, and the reason almost all Lucina montages are nonexistent is because editing a tipper fsmash is the most satisfying thing to do.
She better be communicating with Benedict Arnold.
All you need is Crucible Rank 3 and she gives you the quest
Bad :(
But they were not wrong when Trump was making his comeback
This was literally me!
Hmm, I think "Joke title"
Malegender: a gender that is inherently evil and oppressive Femalegender: a gender that is free from social norms and transcends conventional standards, opposite of malegender
Pinky
No he mychel thompsons brother
Christmas Crash is coming with the December maps
The original idea was that he was The Shield groups lunatic on the fringe (edge) of the group in many ways.
dreamhack in a location where the spectators care about csgo(no romania)
But he has the best words...
Santos too.
Mama ce accent urat, din ce parte a tarii e?
That's right!
Who the frak would register to vote through Facebook?
When will we see our first Millennial voter?
These guys need to jack off once in a while.
HAVE SOME ENERGY MOTHERFUCKER
The media did that to themselves.
That idea seems pretty cool.
Strong, independent womyn expansion.
Actually laughed out loud; this was good
extended LPT for PacNW, if you see someone carrying an umbrella they are a transplant / visiting
Cui bono?
Lol.
Bingo!
I did kara last night and by maiden we had a spider from the servants quaters come up and attack right after I used side winders
Shut up
Because he doesn't know shit about feminism and has no idea why he's even an antifeminist except that people he thinks are cool are.
I never said *only* poor white voted for trump.
Meh, it happens.
Lol
If he can't even touch him on social media how's he expect to hit him in real life?
What was the other one where you have a net and catch butterflies on a mountain?
RIP
It's over twice that now.
IF GRAGAS IS FAT, HOW COME HE HASN'T EATEN THE SHOPKEEPER?
Well, I'm convinced.
I don't know, the Rangers looked like a pile of shit melted in the summer heat.
It's just the way the circle jerks.
We won't be safe until all cars, including race cars, are auto-drive!
my only concern about the slate is Whats happening with the flash movie are they going to delay it, do they have a director already but just waiting for the right moment to announce it
Sticks and stones may break my bones, but words can leave permanent psychological and emotional damage and scar someone for life, leaving them a husk of their former selves.
I agree.
And that's where Sahih hadith comes in to refute those translations.
Is he talking to me?
Last I saw it was by the end of the year, so could be anytime between now and Dec 31
Nope, no stream from his recent tweet :(
The London West Hammers have something to say
Comey, i hope it was worth it.
No I read you complaining
But they gave necklaces to their opponents, what is wrong with giving someone a nice necklace?
4 out of 5 people actually enjoy gang rape.
I'd be fine if they were allowed to keep promo art as long as there's some marking or disclaimer on it
One man's turd is another woman's truffle?
The Hudson is one.
"Scarred"
Minecraft logic!
He shot through the guys body and blew it up.
Everybody on Reddit is a bot except for you.
Never, I don't get that at all, unless I had a disposable income I guess lol even then seems wasteful
But 1 good doctor who helps 100s is not worth letting in terrorists who will kill 1000s
Bomb Tower is even worse when using a hog deck.
It'd be so nice if these people understood their legal rights and laws that grant them the exact same "privilege".
Gold, hard assets, and crypto currencies will be huge winners.
"It's not spying if I haven't been caught; Fucktard."
Protonmail is a little glitchy but there's very few mail services out there with privacy as a top priority
(it's a joke about camouflage)
I would be all over that yo-yo hat.
Most women in the world who wear islamic garb are coerced to do so.
You cannot delineate 'free speech' into certain areas only, because by definition, it would therefore not be 'free' speech.
Literally nothing can dent those numbers.
Don't let dreams just be dreams.
What the fuck equinox is 150 a month for the base membership.
The Yeah Yeah Yeah Maybes
you can use the good old i play vs ai and quit after 1 minute trick to make that go quick
He got Heck-led!
your neighbours here know something about it ahha
Or just use Vivaldi+Tampermonkey+Stylish and choose for yourself how your web browser looks :)
The number one console meme on Reddit is "PC gamers only need the Wii U - it's the best console for them and only one that makes sense"
Everyone seems to have missed one of the answers--because building new houses is an essential part of the GDP calculation and is in a large part responsible for the 7-8% "economy growth" we've seen over the last decade or so.
It also brings up the security patch level to Oct-1.
OverWatch, 7dtd, siege.
Yes, as long as it's free you can claim any country.
Nah mate, everytime there's console players they ***always*** take a longer time to load I'm tempted to screenshot every time it happens...
"Every single decision in my limited, racist imagination is a bad one."
Dang, Snipe laying down the Hammer!
Nice
The term is "womb turd".
So you say if i play a weekend of urf i can't enjoy ranked anymore?
Brb going to check under my bed.
I'll provide the same amount of evidence that Trump gives for any of his wild claims:
I can't tell if this is a doll or if this is child porn
God knows your deepest innermost secrets because he has nothing better to do then spy on your boring life
Man I remember when people were using Jarvan as the gold standard for what a balanced jungler should be.
So I guess 7 billion people are all wrong.... what are the odds
aww
Wow what a compelling argument you have made...
If only Utah had won.... Problem is students will be gone
Now that's a whole other can of worms ;)
^ Mere anti Zionism
Most ults work like this, but fuck Genji right?
Smothered in beautifully, disappointing fire sauce.
... with other teams.
Euh ik fraudeer niet, gebruik uberhaupt geen zorg behalve de tandarts maar ik zou echt meteen mijn dossiers blokkeren.
what do you mean by porn can get out of hand?
Ask Theresa May, she's doing a pretty good job of it.
Remember that regulating marijuana is more similar to regulating coffee as opposed to alcohol since it is relatively harmless by comparison.
I don't pretend to speak for everyone in Richmond, but NoVa residents come off as haughty, pretentious, superficial elitists who use other humans as stepping stones and have no interest in community.
except its not actually true.
Even with the slow focusing?
Of all the countries I have traveled to, Canada, has the highest mobile prices I have seen.
dark souls 2 is kinda hack and slash already
Way to not put my appointment in my agenda
Most like probably
The Dictator
Why not reunite old teammates with impact-piglet-xpecial
usually if a GPU crashes the screen freezes because the screen doesn't recieve any more signals
Is this the end of Jason Kanded or does he still have a political future in the state?
oh, my fever-self is unable to identify sarcasm, forgive me
How long before he was fired?
Ew.
What does this have to do with Clinton?
big ass fries though
I think they ignore the Old Testament, except for when they want to bash gays.
link?
What do you suggest instead, extremely p2w trickster decks?
The cyber
CA cop must've been on vacation.
T-This website is rigged!
Can I get the numerical equivalent to a butt-tonne?
I'll support Comey when he arrests Clinton, and prevents her from getting bail
I wish all my favorite fighters could use helmets while fighting :l
That's unusual,if you ask nicely for help, some will shoot you thats just their way, some will help you, if you are in trouble, but very very few will offer help and then shoot you, that's not really our thing.
Gotta brag somehow right?
Someday I'm going to hike to the top of the tallest one.
Yea people should just stay where they are born
Weird that the G&amp;M endorsed the conservatives the last four consecutive elections too...
Good ole americacentric politics, there only exists 2 options, what about us socialists and anarchists?
Israel should stop talking and starting shit.
Nope, but nice try, troll.
The latter.
No it's Charley Kelley
Because they're lambs, duh
Wow didn't we call this shit?
Are you still making gold off of demonsteel?
I know some guys who fapped to the underwear sections in clothes magazines.
I'm surprised the dumpsters aren't locked to prevent stuff like that.
Honestly, I do not trust Trump to know or care about the difference.
Poe's law.
Have you ever been in saltwater?
Cringe
What did she say exactly?
He trusts his tremendous spur of the moment judgements.
Who among us hasn't been there?
29 is not old :(
Because Tulsa swallows up all who venture there.
Brubaker said there was a possibility of it happening
Ha.
what about it
And the sad thing is that person wont even be banned by the mods over there.
Louisiana here, thank you.
go on.
Look up his and Trumps connections to Jeffrey Epstein.
Spaghetti
That's why she won't shut up about Russia- she knows it is Americans' top concern this election season.
Are you saying...we made it nice?
That's the same schedule I found lol!
what ever you're comfortable playing with...
#P R A I S E K E K
A person is smart, a mob is insanely evil and destructive, history shows
You look like the kind of girl that would find the guy who dumped you, chop him up into bits and feed him to his parents in a chunky stew
"That's not fair, I didn't say time-in!"
You kill 7 mechs and then drop volcanic drakes for free
Don't spoil my dreams of petty revenge with your facts.
How goddamn old is this video?
Fuck people, man
I'd hire you lol
M: Send in the Janissary!
Its 6 keys rat rods go for about 2 keys
Everything looks bigger with hands like that.
I don't think it's too far down in the top posts.
Indeed :)
I think you need to stop riding koreas cock Even korean players disagree with you.
Pirlo-esque
I'm not sure gravity applies in the 8th dimension, i'm pretty sure you're cheating.
SPARTAN armor looks heavy as shit.
I can almost imagine Conway running around and destroying every smart phone she can find before The Donald is able to completely rat fuck all of the work that she has been trying to do.
Except he can't charge the Secret Service rent if they are at his country home.
I want it to come out so we can start a new #NotMyHalfLife circle jerk.
I have no idea what you're talking about \innocent whistle That'll teach me to make posts about grammar when I'm tired ;)
Apparently his words aren't alpha enough.
I *thought* Thats what I saw, but shrugged it off thinking im just seeing things lol
Phone Booth.
(:
Proof that climate change IS a Chinese hoax!
My mind stopped caring about the stupid alpha beta shit that does nothing but justify being an asshole to others a while ago
Or Gamesmaster, or maybe Video Power?
Yeah to me she's pretty much an unknown except as a bit player years ago on the Daily Show.
I'm gen 4 and I've only played colleseum like 15 times, you must have just been very unlucky and gotten more tickets than usual.
Woox doesnt deserve a single penny for surviving with 1000 lobsters and karambwans in the middle of nowhere, cya later cunt
It is easier to for them to spin into a conspiracy because that hard evidence cannot be revealed to the public.
I was making a Daredevil reference ;)
Do you live on a boat?
He wasn't that good, but it's also the fact that he's committed to being a WR so playing him at QB not only means having a not very good QB but it weakens the WR corps and doesn't let him continue his WR development.
Just got done putting done Pho Van, I live in this area and have tried every banh mi there is and this one wins.
I assume with that sort of quality the person is getting paid in some form or will be shortly with the attention it receives.
We lay down meter rulers on the floor in chemistry, to stop our teacher in a wheelchair from getting to the back of the class
Your password is showing
You don't wanna look at how much was spent on the US election then
Now damp cat has no competition.
if my nigga ask me can i be his human bench we fightin
exactly
inb4 PsBattle grabs this and posts them into multiple various scenarios and locations
What's Fred Claus doing?
Trump supporters, one by one...
It's funny because here Bo gets squashed hilariously quickly, but on TV he wins clean against Neville
and the image was a teaser for the teaser.
Beast Boy had one too many
Kimi no Na wa is this year's OPM.
Does the Ducky Mini case fit on a regular 60%?
Tell that to Tesla.
Something something entitled asshole with twitter fame
I wonder what the top part said that made her redact it!
Scrubs :)
No it just means the buses aren't unguarded I think.
01011001 01100101 01100001 01101000 00100000 01111001 01101111 01110101 00100000 01100001 01110010 01100101
needs more legends.
ahah he deleted the tweet
Everything just got faster for some reason...
Regardless I'm on Xbox, so I'm still boned.
I hate that fucker Eric from Tony Hawk UnderGround
I think that's a good play Tampa is hot right now and has a good playoff throughout
Because somehow Canada has something to do with American progressives.
High School
the other voice actors probably, Kellen mentioned all the voice actors for SL talk to each other in a facebook group.
His trolling is approaching the level of his handle.
I have no throwaway, I'm ashamed of nothing
Cynthia, Colress, Cyrus, Ghetsis BW1, Silver Probably in that order
Yeah unless you're a former rock star cocaine is going to do a number in you.
Those sneaky Chinese.
Have scientists been able to determine the color of the sky on Trump's planet?
I can't explain insanity.
That's right we had slaves of all races before that.
watch highlights genius
Being creepy totally isn't creepy if you're being homophobic at the same time!
They have a FoV slider though...
"Be polite, be professional, but have a plan to kill everybody you meet."
Just grab one of the U.S Drones from the sky.
I love this gif.
Thanks man, I do what I can!
Don't forget trollpool just dodging the whole thing
Well, she certainly doesn't need no alibi.
from shitting their pants, facing joe "elite playoff dragon" flacco
Short slants all game &amp; runs on 3rd and long.....
Those were some wacky fucking team comps you faced LUL
look pretty ugly IMO but hey if you like it
There really isn't any difference
[7]
Lou Dobbs is the Sean Hannity of Fox Business.
Obstruction apparently works
I'm not sure the league could afford that.
QoP is pretty good at winning lanes and having a solid early game impact.
Technisch gesehen korrekt.
Just make sure to save some of that velcro for when you *do* upgrade :D
Oh but when Prince harry wore a nazi uniform in Vegas it was just a bit of fun.
you need to post a picture of this legendary costume
Well, if we are to believe Colburn did not break the law of ethics, then he certainly broke the law of physics.
First letter of her last name?
I hope they clean that thing daily... I've used one of these before and it becomes a disaster by end of day
Wat
Obama.exe
Offer
That's all the Gold Zergs David Kim helped.
Because when you open them usually it's easy to just smack the roll on a table edge and rip from the bend that forms.
Mexico are de-valuing so they can say "We are to broke to pay for the wall"
grazie don skeletone
Has anyone made lichen beer from the yeast yet?
Well, there's some professional athletes, musicians, filmmakers, television stars, civil rights heros...
Wow.
And Ricky Gervais watching
I literally made this account years ago just to upvote your hilarious comment you beautiful human!
I used to reach my item limit pretty easily but oh man, I'm feelin u right now
I dont think that really matters this year.
Plus perms jug only lasts one game (after round 15)
AHHHHHHH
I used to call them shoe trollies.
Whoa, slow down there Sargeras
Money is nice
I mean the ending reminds me of the ending of another Playstation title (ThatGameCompany Spoiler) [Journey](#s)...Only, far less profound.
My hair and my smile.
I dunno cause that same dad was trying to get in some other girls pants at their age.
Try reading his book, or just look at the "I'll give 10k to charity if I can beat your ass" schtick he does on Twitter damn near on the daily.
"Career surgeons have been doing operations in this country for too long!"
Castro's dead HM QEII is still alive touch wood.
Don't know, but our 883 ele performs as good as our 889 enhancement shaman in terms of overall dps in M+, so I don't mind either.
Reread.
How do trades not teach basic or above levels of knowledge?
Harry Kane yelling at Busquets at the top of the box to "just fookin 'ave it m8"
Top: Fiora ADC: Ashe, Sivir Backups: Irelia / Lucian / Jhin
You can just mute them.
The shotgun is the Remington that was a placeholder for the argus in the beta (I believe) I don't know what that smg in the middle is
Dude, just stop.
Actually, Zippo makes something like that.
There has never been a bigger cuck than Bernie Flanders
It taught me as a kid to always chain whip or kick the guy riding next to me, THIS IS MAH ROAD
God helped me get out of it
Weiner was only showing solidarity for Harambe.
If you are going to do a write in probably best to write in: Donald Trump The write ins get recorded and the message will be loud and clear that voters favor Trump over them.
NO.
Maybe incon should cheer himself up with visiting his family, see his grand dad.
S C A R Y
Priorities: 1 ) Uncuck media 2 ) Uncuck universities 3 ) Uncuck early childhood education
Tunnel Buddies Rule!
I won't be able to fix it until later tonight (around 7:00)
Well considering the first one I saw in NZ was in Queens Scarlet sounds in the 1970's it has been here from quite a while.
You seem like a great guy!
I don't think he's that far off base with that statement
I had professors that didnt know you could use markers on those, then try to erase and put stains and smears on em
When you amass that many Steelers fans in one place you're just asking for a bad time.
ill give you 4x cc3 for a cc4
What about the down ballot?
He is but a distant Fuhrer though, much like the relationship between Herr Hitler and Eva Braun.
ah my bad
Those comments gave me cancer.
*whew* thank GOD the oscars are genuine, that's becoming the only awards show i care about
o.O
thank youu
Watch out for the icy patch!
I might start Ware over Mathews, Langford, and possibly Foster.
Source for taxes going up on blue collar workers?
The Poor
If they look like hers...
Their Browser history :) Did that more than once.
But I don't have a GCN... or 3DS or Wii or Wii U... WTF
isn't california like.. literally a desert tho?
No thanks, I don't need flashbacks of this while I'm at work
Toomeirlformeirl
Ugh gotta reset my remindme bot
He said rich people only own shitty business laptops and none of them have a desire to play video games.
.6% as of *now*
I would think shinies are worth more than codes, but if you want i can throw in a shiny Xerneas or Yveltal as well
No hard feelings, just trying to help :)
I agree, with the damage drop off that thing has you practically have to be in melee range for it to be the one shot down it was advertised as.
Sometimes I get the impression that animals know when other animals are just retarded-babies
No reason to post a Kansas poll lol
I'm adbucting this thread.
Ugh.. it's so frustrating... who know.. they might find a fucking hidden bag of votes behind the dumpster or something.
Who doesn't read the caption and goes straight to the photo?
No, me and several otger people have messaged and he never replies
?
See the thing is, my definition of a lot probably differs from yours....
I actually think it had more to do with the ubiquity of Abzan Charm than Rhino, although both certainly played their role.
Melanistically deprived.
He's training her so that she can one day assasinate President Trump/Clinton to save the world.
It's how they pretend Trump didn't lose.
One day he'll realize that there's more to Life than being Really Really Really Ridiculously Good Looking
Por que no los dos?
Pokemon is one of the largest franchises in gaming history, and that's your goto crazy tattoo?
Imagine trying to shoot all of those before they went off.
I believe.
Yay we get a coach!
I didn't even downvote him... Are you having a bad day bro
Maybe, probably, surely
so like tornado for yourself?
That makes sense.
My steak only has to imagine the fire.
I think Chris Petersen at Washington *can*.
Don't forget the essential oils!
Fear of not getting respect from teenagers.
Get out
Who's the honey badger now?
The only way the weekend parties on is when Bernie appears alive...
You've hit upon the inherent danger of guns.
Rikki-tikki-tavi biiiiiiitch!
MY BRAND!
WISH WE COULD TURN BACK TIME, TO THE GOOD OLD DAAAAAYYS
I laughed way too hard at this considering OP's comments!
\*Everything Wrong With laugh\*
So when are you headed there?
I see Twice gif I upvote.
Didn't realize I was speaking to an edgy teen
I am home ya fuk
But
Ain't suffer nothing is my teams name for the rest of the season.
Packers got another call in their favor
Especially one that played bball for like 4 years and then didn't for 2.
Looks like the world's biggest fruit leather.
Im surprised they had that many to begin with tbh.
I know they legally can but I'm asking who can they be involved with who doesn't upset some interest group.
At least I still got my Ith items.
I think OP meant uninstall.
Yeah I'd understand if this started in the base game, but when every other gun is upgradable with Gun Nut 4 but the NW guns aren't, it's just an annoyance.
Maybe Bill should pump some noise into the stadium, Goodell wouldn't mind.
Try putting something onto him and refresh it
so out of that the viewers could comprehend a total of 2 kills
which battery case?
The I listen to Techno, wear gas masks to school, and industrial dance look.
You don't have to buy votes that have already been bought.
And he just spoke over him to finish his part like the ABSOLUTE MADMAN that he is.
that's how you get claim throat
Also possible
Hur durr 30 years of doing nothing hurr durr
#SLICK WILLY
It seems like everything is happening in slow motion
It was the Ted Cruz endorsement most likely.
When you go on BF1 subreddit, people think they are so good when they shoot down a plane with a tank..guess they don't know us ;)
All of these should have been enough to end it.
Digimon.
You should rephrase it to, "do you have personal preference and why?"
Let's fucking do this thing!
that's a troll though
Mindblowing how closed minded this subreddit can be.
aparntly there will be something in the tek tier when it comes out i think
Then move.
r/OnStageGW
Ah, thank you much, sad that he had to be punished
Yeah, but concussion last week is the reason they don't want to start him.
They cant put tri class card in the list, otherwise kazakus would be in the list
Everyones forgetting the one and only dig god, corejj
In the past 3 years, flying in/out of BTV every month or so, I think I've only had one flight be on time.
Nice
Counting the one that caught on fire and almost sank, of course.
omg volvo fucking hates cloud9 and forces them to play random bo1s so theyll get eliminated
Funnily enough, Dennis did point out it's important that the Imperial customization be inclusive.
A red i would make it a stoner with a black eye
16 CC3?
only if i feel like it
That's ... not how it works.
Jokes on you, you can't assume my race in 2016 just by the color of my skin
She needs to be within .5%, or .25% for a hand count.
You will surely get the karkland
That's afro American water for you Mr!
This would end badly
It references Jessica Jones in a later episode but its a tiny reference and not terribly important
I applaud him for not sensationalising this.
I'll let it happen.
Also forgot to mention that it gets a new belt that goes APIT, AP-I(c), AP-I(C)
Just because someone was egotistical and condescending doesn't mean you can dole out injustice on them and call it karma.
Ingsoc is double plusgood.
Seriously, I like you, and deprecation I can get down with, but when you start saying shit like that, it makes it less fun.
Where are your posts here?
*lock em up, lock em up* Isn't that what we do now?
I wrote a reply but realized down voting is easier.
You didn't go online and open all the rifles ?
Unfortunately that damn girl took the last ones available :(
Get another lazy dog and start stacking them
Let me tell you folks
My cell phone.
Yeah, is more something like r/Im14andthisisdeep
It's very 'boring' so to speak, to counter it
Yeah, but he's really the only *usable* one we have.
Hear me Roar too
Yes
I was just happy with that very small act of rebellion.
Actually, I remember wishing I had got more sleep in college all of the time.
They went through that teleportation pod from The Fly and now they're "Trump Clinton"- our worst nightmare.
Da.
Yes
U ded
To be fair, I haven't had problems with mine yet (I have ordered the heatsinks though) but no problems, so yes I would definitly buy one.
totally agree
this is amazing
Ragin balloon is this.
No everybody watches US TV, dude.
**BLLEEAGH** *realizes I am also a edgy scout main* **HGAEELLB**
No, unless you're really OCD and want every titles.
Hillary's uterus
But... Magneto was in Inglorious Basterds.
:)
Im game
WHATEVER YOU DO, DONT GIVE ME GOLD!
I'm sure they will treat her well when she has nothing left to offer
Junkrat is the new hanzo, its fucking cancer
Yeah will do when I get home
P4p goat moment
They'd make billions either way.
That's not indicative of any form of ADD, a large percentage of humans crave knowledge.
i've never heard him commenting on him at all.
FYI -You can incease shared clip time from 15 minutes to 1 hour too.
RE-7B-speed and traction!
Narcissism is more of a personality disorder, not necessarily where someone loves themself more than others, but every conversation/ choice in your life somehow points back to them because they cant distinguish themself from unrelated factors.
Andrew Jackson
Yes
Hot take alert
Thank you, sometimes i forget the
We have the best celebrities, don't we folks.
That...actually sounds like a good idea.
Nah.
Loud as shit between the explosions and the F4's engines.
Rest in peace Carrie Fisher, that galaxy far far away lost one of its brightest stars.
Downvote is the new upvote, duh.
I can't believe you're kissing guys!
yea but that doesnt change the fact every single fight is gonna be the same
After the whole debacle with Skyrim and Fallout mods on Sony's side plus the fact that this generation's upgraded consoles could end up being vastly different from each other could put this down the drain.
Last mile....
Or they will probably say he was just"Extremely Careless" when he was registering those dead voters.
No way is iggy and Livingston near enough to get Noel.
It's coupe like and has a hatchback so I guess it gets an even number for that.
"Socially toxic" = equivalent of 4chan Hitlerizing Pepe, to territorialize him away from the normies like Katie Perry
Have a look at how Benteke does this week.
yer*
Obligatory meme.
Ohhhh yeah I still need to read that...
Worse, a "real American."
Ozil is now assisting other players in assisting.
That meal will be way too spicy with that many pepes on it.
We can usually tell.
This is a man who has destroyed the Republican party, yet people are willing to vote for him with the expectation that he wont do the same to America.
Reich Dead 3: Hitler did nothing wrong.
The dark side has cookies.
That is awesome, I gotta do that too.
Cool story
and it was more than a decade ago
Your totally explaining trumps usual mo
Hurricane yo
I momentarily had this thought but then realized what could Clinton give trump to destroy his image and go down as one of the most vial Americans in history?
This whole election is just way over your head.
The rags aren't sending their best, they're rapist and criminals and some I assume... Decent people
Noice indeed!
Oh wow this people are such great human beings right
~~1% makes up the difference :)~~ Yeah, Zenia's OE is a mistake.
whynotboth.jpg
RIP in piece
Toilet-man, and you are even public
Yep no more made up scandals and no more bullshit from Hillary's campaign
They are all awful.
Have an up vote for your confidence
Check out Children 18:3
Bingo!
WHAT YOU GON' FIRE ME FO'?
/thread.
The limitations of reddit my friend.
This gets posted every time this question comes up.
the man
If it is anything like skyrim 800 hours
Weird we didn't get the anthems!
Shorting all my Hillary stock that I bought shorting Bernie.
Yeah that statement applies to everyone, not just Asian Women.
These Obama Biden memes are getting really old
Not surprising because it doesn't sound like there is a job he would qualify for that pays more than minimum wage.
4Spooky2me
Place vagina on penis.
*Sigh*
When were these conducted?
So is Sigvald IIRC
Ground elk and egg noodles tossed in some garlic infused olive oil with diced veggies for some crunch.
Already watched bb best show ever watched
Put on your robe and wizard hat.
was surprised mosh had a 1.14 kd where did echo fox end up placing 12th?
gotta watch out for those wily road-gators
this question gets asked every day
Mike "Michael Vick" Zimmer
Do a search for the dawning megathread, should all be there!
It's new mechanics, get used to it
Recalling every exotic, devious, sexual act you've ever performed on your brother will do that to you.
TIL
What is decompose at?
FUCKING SHIT
Jeez somebody doesn't understand sarcasm
Same here, I've got a grand total of 18 dire wounds ready to go.
Two dead REDS?
Another one drops out.
What he said
Fuck KD, amirite?
Fuck you I need this fuckin red orb to kill fuckers you dumb-shit, this is CoD not LoL dumb-ass.
The best advice I can give for Kallari is to play Countess instead.
In our defense, we didn't want it too
gunnitbot 223 home defense
Saying that you wish you could give someone gold
:D
lol
for me: 1. its a habit 2. it really helps reload cancelling when youre standing still instead of having to sprint forward 3. faster weapon swap animation cancel
You stole my meme I posted it here first.
Kegels!
3rd shitpost of the day
Good life
Vader's really chanelling his Batman
More like an hour and a half ago.
team mates holding me back in 2 of those games.
To be honest though, Java isn't as "magical" or abstract as, say, Python or Javascript.
BEHOLD THE NEW MEME
no they just stopped using that chemical and switched it with a different one that could be used for the same function i believe.
She's still more of a man than Timmy Kaine!
Paul.
Almost got stumped by Steel, but managed to remember it with 40 seconds to spare :)
Yup, I am reeeaaally jealous of that
Laugh
Important for the USA
Awww puppy
SPOILERS DUDE!
What does stephen jackson have to say on this.
I'm not upset about it, I just thought it was interesting, which is why I posted it.
Portugal and Castille Kebab and Baguette Morocco and Tunis (maybe) Kebab and Mamluks Timurids and QQ AQ and QQ Or, if you want to die, pick Byzantium and Albania
I actually like bad rats... :-(
RusFor.
Ginaling, oyster sauce and buko juice to finish it off.
Not in a game where most of the stuff is done server-side, specifically to deal with this kind of cheating.
Or, as a Trumptard thinks, completely legitimate news.
Call of Duty goes back to being a good game.
He.
Sorry, not believing the belly rub part.
Omfg Krissy.. don't.
They think it's cute lol...?
Right; the catch there is proving a financial transaction between a foreign state and Trump's private holdings, but that's only a matter of time I think.
I don't think that HK has QASA, but I'd definitely call OSHA if they had me work for the duration of the flood in the US.
most IT and least Jeremy LIN
No , I don't care what you do with your money was just wondering
Will final see a United side without Rooney.
I thought I was a random i and stated at it for like 5 seconds before ignoring it
Good, fuck those kids.
Think I heard of a bricklaying robot the other day.
It's #1 on my list of words I never want to hear after November 8.
True, but then again transportation is transportation
SRS is mostly tranny dudes.
Or spoilers for some reason
You know there were videos in there too right?
Or it's just terrible directing.
It makes no sense, Hinkie ain't dead
Also the fact they have to deal with living in NZ
It'll fall under 15m in a week or two once the hype dies down(+there's an op promo on atm).
He threw a hissy fit over a skit on SNL for pete's sake.
Don't worry, linguistics textbooks are en route.
Plus they may be broke, hungry, and ill equipped enough to not recognize whose waters they're in.
He's been greying for a while now.
Good thing we no longer have nazi wannabes all over the place.
GT Says no matches
Thanks Microsoft!
wow do you also not click on any websites from google that you haven't heard about in real life?
Anyone who tells you different is selling something.
So don't like Gary Johnson?
Does anyone know where to find a higher resolution version of this?
Samsung bomb division so hot right now!
His heart by yes I agree
Not at this point in the game
About as much relevance in 2016 as saying the kardashians are coming here.
Shit Paul Ryan says should become a sub :)
Now if only you could invest in a QB and we could invest in a RT
She wasn't because she is a corrupt politician.
And we've still taken in three times the Syrian refugees Americans have, without almost falling apart at the seams.
Y'all better hope I never run for president, or you ain't seen nothing yet
But that doesn't coddle my emotional narrative that cops are selfish pigs who need to die and that its their fault completely and I dindunuffin and that guns are evil.
While on Reddit duh
Maybe for some, for others it'll be a very good thing.
I think Weld is the only one to sit next to the libertarians though.
Is Paul Ryan putting out his own propaganda now because he is afraid he is going to get voted out for being a turncoat?
In other news: today the sun rose at the appointed time.
Oh God oh God oh God ex-Padres manager blessing is so real Rockies winning 3 WS in 5 years confirmed
Unfortunately no
But they're proud of their creepy father ...
Well thank you.
It is the *difference* in how *savarna*-supremacist party treats farmers and *kirana wallahs*, that is outrageous.
An epic battle in the skies!
Bro-Cooler
Id ask if you have a source to back that up but pretty sure I know the answer already.
Yeah, when Walmart can't even gove away merchandise for the film, someone fucked uo.
Might as well try, hopefully the Danielle fans quit.
The Lions
Quas and Wex?
Chelsea Clinton's son
Why is this one intelligence agency keeping us all up to date with vague information that seems designed to inflame speculation and suspicion about this one particular politician?
You say lidat, win liao lorrr
Have you noticed any performance gains or just a matter of the icon hanging around on screen?
Throw a "every cunt and his dog" in and your bound to find the Aussies quick.
Do we have a time for HoH yet?
Love you, you no taste having loser &lt;3
I'll pm you
Its worse, the maintenance mechanic effects EVERYONE on the losing team except the 3 highest scoring players in the GAME (including the winning team) Cause that makes sense right?
Early Gen Z
It's not particularly right to blame the current Davis for the decisions of his father, he took over in 2011
crossbow can be fired with 1 hand....
Yeah me too but not close to what I was estimating I was hoping to get at least 7500-8000 per Right now I'm lucky to get 7000 It's profit , but if there was better options for the sets we would have been swimming in jt
How many people in the world have a Reddit account?
The fact this delusional bullshit was downvoted gives me hope for this sub.
Nice meme
Korean advice?
Civil rights "marches", poll tax **riots**, miner "strikes" All those events included violence, among other acts of disobedience, similar to what he was suggesting.
Hate to break it to you, but it's likely there are other reasons you are playing less than when you were younger
Lets not get ahead of ourselves because to be fair EvE looks like shit most of the time.
Didn't that get debunked?
We watched the tragedy unfold We did as we were told, we bought and sold It was the greatest show on earth, but then it was over We oohed and aahed, we drove our racing cars We ate our last few jars of caviar And somewhere out there in the stars A keen-eyed look-out spied a flickering light: our last hurrah And when they found our shadows grouped round the TV sets They ran down every lead, they repeated every test They checked out all the data on their lists And then the alien anthropologists admitted they were still perplexed But on eliminating every other reason for our sad demise They logged the only explanation left: This species has amused itself to death
I too can't physics.
Pharah.
Can you get bumped out of tether range?
You have no taste!
I just wanna take my sexy selfies and leave...
Its on a scrub top we found...I guess it's possible.
Just buy food from the item store homie
Watch out guys we got a far more knowledgable guy than me here.
She can push a bit better but her sustain was (strongly) arguably nerfed.
Ted got the last laugh on that one.
#POO JUGS ARE BETTER REEEEEEEEEE
karthus ult, damn you shaco/old yi
They got him good!
I sympathize with your concerns, I will say, once he's in power, I'll give him a chance, just to see what he does with it, you know, let him be tested.
I have a Warforged who originated in a Gnome society who's a Forge Cleric.
Am I good with 32Gb?
Pretty good fucking year, everything turned out better than expected
Yup can confirm
Okay fair enough, forget I said anything.
And a transcript of one.
You say that, but at the same time you did give GWB two terms.
I don't see the big deal; lots of people who were born before this election cycle are voting.
That's reasonable - if you've savings and don't have a variable rate mortgage.
Can't you see member berries pieces on his mouth in the photo on CNN?
Kinda pissed off r/Ayymd
I like this one.
lol
So when people now a days say they speak or hear god do you believe them?
add me cracklebuster Looking to find some new people on Steam
Maybe.
You must be super thrilled that it's coming back!
it's just a beta dude
Added you!
80
Indian Guptill
Thanks :p
She sounds horrible.
never been true
Bruh Rabbit.
Inspiration is an ethereal wench.
Yeah but cutting it off with a lightsaber (which also seals the wound so there's no blood) is different than ripping an arm off.
Everyone is giving this lady shit and she was thoughtful enough to bring her own bag instead of running off with the whole bowl.
And now I feel older
I was wondering why the glock suicide rate was so low, then I remembered that getting killed from your glocknade blowing up would be "accidental death" not "suicide".
Don't put your dick in a blender
Well it was called NFC Central, not really as dumb as it being called "North", but yeah.
It's because hes a worthless sack of shit with nothing going for him in life most likely.
If you keep a constant stream of H1bs coming in at $X per year, that salary will likely never go up as anyone who asks for more will be replaced by foreign help.
"If"
Illuminati
Buti ka pa, ako rin mababa self esteem.
Oh yiiis :)
Wanna see how I make my gravy?
Are there downsides to blobbing or just upsides to not blobbing?
We'll always be your 1 L ;)
Dub u dub u dub u dot
Harper gave more interviews to US media than Canadian news.
The vineyards got nerfed, used to be the the nodes would respawn fast, but now it takes 10+ min for a respawn
You know it!
Can always sacrifice a few virgins or newborns or something.
Either because it also puts some priority on the wait time so that if it can't find a team with the same wins it branches out, or one of your team had more wins on their card than you did.
It's not though
Which was mostly viruses.
I take my hat off to you sir for this splendid metaphor.
No, don't be stupid, I'm saying if you were suddenly bisexual who would you pick
Isn't that what pot is for?
Goeda analogie hahahaha
WAKE ME UP INSIDE
no fan though
I never did that shit, what
Only hot dogs?
"1.8 rws this month on esea" level of skill
Yep it's super annoying!
I've lost count of the number of times I've caught an inadvertent Kulstar or Angstrom blast and died due to someone suddenly jumping in front of me.
If you are on win10 then you actually do
Freeze is dead and reno is not the best.controll mage might work I guess but tempo is strong af.
Oh you mean Karelia
*psych
Not if we mix poop in it.
It was slow, walking was slow, travel mode game you the illusion that it was "fast" And I thought I was the one who talked out of my ass, you make me sound normal.
He Said Black
Ass
I like Casual Meta, so as long as you keep that up, i'll never unsub!
also the G410 isnt available in my country , i would definately give it a try .
Not if someone has no way to get that money.
I've been sitting at home alone for a year now, been going places alone for YEARS and never met anyone (thus finally giving up and just staying home), so it doesn't really work for everyone.
I would run,what do you get out of it?
Now to wait a couple more years for this, :[
as somebody who didnt support KSTV and decided to pirate them and ignore your repeated suggestions to donate for doing so i feel like you really owe me some more hydewars sam good buddy so why dont you get on that ;) pRONTO
Something Mitch Hedberg something frozen banana something iceberg.
Wait what?
But hey, now we have Westworld!
Having big boobs because you're fat is like having a fast car because it's falling off a cliff
you let me know if you need someone to trim you're armor!
oh, i need to step up my memegame
just as with their client, they need to translate in bazillion languages
How much is 180 mil?
Thank god someone discovered Physics finally
yes
Mass Effect :p
Well hyped Keefe, well hyped!
^^^^^i ^^^^^don't ^^^^^think ^^^^^bagpipes ^^^^^sound ^^^^^that ^^^^^bad ^^^^^^but ^^^^^^accordions ^^^^^^can ^^^^^^fuck ^^^^^^off
She's amazing, a name would be great.
I think this is a NATO/anti-Russia measure.
I wouldn't say I've been missing it, Bob.
Well i did specify mechanics, which is the most distinguishable in lane but then again rox would arguably still be better than ssg and rng also underperformed in groups but since you brought up uzi and mata i think its fair to bring up zven and mithy although they might still be weaker overall.
How do you deal with the smell?
Maybe you need some sort of casting couch to relax on afterwards?
Probably knocks down a lot of pedestrians who don't hear her coming.
We had so many options.
the rationale is that once it is legalized, people will find out cannabis isn't bad and stop testing for it.
a chair museum?
Things have really gone south at the Dakota Access camp.
But we'll never understand his motivations and be able to work towards preventing this from happening again if that's the attitude we take.
"It would be worth considering" That's not outright support.
That was under an aggressive paranoid totalitarian regime.... wait....
you know you suck when not even JE wants to be associated with your name.
Nah, they have no comprehension of the hypocrisy or that they have been played as utter fools
Keep voting Tory, they'll fix this
Less likely to change her mind about who she may like or not, more money which you may claim have no effect but money give you a better chance to know more people, a job, a degree, more things to talk about and less stupid friends.
ofc, since those champs have a lot of fan, like yasuo riven lee sin
no, it's just that VP always plays to its opponent
he he he fuck youj
Also make it black too.
So who is going to be the one to hold our government accountable?
Fellhounds.
Bonsoir
We will be no better than the Baby Boomers if we do this and Trump wins.
I threw away two of my shaker bottles yesterday instead of cleaning them.
Oh he's not young for the NFL either but 29 is still arguably in his prime.
I'd wish you would step off that ledge my friend
It's all logistics: staffing and volunteers, time spent, etc.
See even Cartman has standards.
Yes, that rings a bell, I'm not sure how that turned out
But R* took all of my money :(
Will Islam take over the world?
You sound very white actually
absolutely agree with you.
It's not you it's me.... Maybe Mike is already packing for the offseason?
I once read on here that it's "best to assume everyone on the road is going to do the most ridiculously stupid thing at any given moment."
Thirded
Seems normal for an AMD, I don't get it.
Possibly underpowered.
But it was intended to be stolen... Now it gets juridically complicated, since spy cams are often distributed in the same way, isn't it?
Joke ----------------- Your head
Missy the cat doesn't cover her poop.
If nothing else that short mom "I need to speak to the manager" hair cut Cait had forever.
Agreed
if anything, we were carrying him
I love PBJ pizza-Pineapple, Bacon, and Jalapeno
I dunno... ;)
Now you're just making up words.
Thanks, you were able to articulate this very well and reflects many of the things I've been thinking.
When he never did!
That was indeed the original plan.
I'm getting a serious case of blue Rawls with all these conflicting reports...
qq
No
GOP will do anything to stay in power long enough to pull off a coup that guarantees they never lose power.
Ya, president just doesn't work for me.
No wonder he loves Trump and hates Obama.
Yeah disdain for outspoken racist demagogues is just a fad.
What was he wrong about?
reported for non-meta hero
Writing Like This You Fucking Cheeky Fucker
you probably dropped this then
Remember when she said she was going to put Bill in charge of the economy
WE WUZ WITCHERS N SHIEET
Ur way more advanced
Who?
it depends on what changed that allowed her to gain 2+ more jury votes
Yes, George W. Bush speechwriter David Frum, noted Hillary Supporter...
Now tag team, sort the mess America caused in the middle east, leave and lock the gate on the way out.
I never liked archery in Skyrim, judging distance, and therfore the firing arc, was damn near impossible for me.
"kill it as a team" just means "anyone on your team gets the killing blow" that way, you don't get mad when you don't get the last hit and get fucked.
Pepe did nothing wrong.
Prism and mounting from inside a pair of binoculars.
How wouldst thou know whom they are fucking?
Shawn Hunter from Boy Meets World.
The hashtags can't be stopped, even if your account is 13+, unfortunately.
The theme played in my head when I saw the thumbnail.
Can't hurt anyones feeeelings now, can we?
Ooh Can I have some?
Op sounds like the kind of person who's phone battery dies and they go to best buy to demand a refund and when they say to charge it, they start screaming that they're too busy and important to charge it and the company should charge it for them.
I don't thank i would have figured it out if you hadn't shown up
Ah okay I thought they were specifically forbidding puts but allowing calls.
No, but everyone on this subreddit seems to love 144hz monitors so it seemed worth it to look into it a bit to see if it would be a good upgrade lol
What the fuck, you can just steal one of the highest post lol
Oh yea, you would be right
Nah.
Says Dwight Schrute
Because nature hates you.
I don't think he had actual marriage in mind.
Make America Feel the Burn Again -- TRUMP STYLE!
Better call the ambulance, that is a serious burn right there.
Fuser thermostat is fucked up
That is way too logical to actually work.
I might have osteoperosis but at least i don't have crippling depression.
Eww
Username checks out.
BREAKING NEWS GUYS!...
Woah, no need to generalize about minorities.
Everyone leaves him open.
nah buy a five-seven 10x better than any riffle let alone a smg
Even the disabled are getting more action then me.
Yeah, I bet everyone is so tolerant in the small, well-off, homogeneous town you probably live in
Song artist name checks out.
It is very funny, but it also shows how little character he has.
Which we should be fighting like hell for!
I hate sweet things, so I'll just add 2 whole cups.
Boy I am glad we still have citizens united to help us citizens out when it comes to issues like this.
Probably
I would love to see that clothing brand when it comes around!
Needs to be a new upvote quote
No Wild Ride Shaw appearance?
He specifically asked about space propulsion.
Great game very harsh play though but would be a great addition to your collection
People learned that in MGoBlog?
You forgot Auriel exists.
Last time I took a shit in the toy aisle in Walmart, I had to outrun the cops... Such a rush.
Alternative headline: MLS promotes pyro despite banning fans from stadiums for using it again.
Cause you said sp3z
Go downtown and start slapping tourists on the ass.
The fucking Emperor Penguins of Antarctica showed up, son!
Just another false flag to take away muh guns!
D'oh!
Or maybe he just hasn't shot enough people yet.
same, will have to check it out when i get home
Gill...
Nah
Salty ...
I fourth this request
No, he was the coach dad.
You've identified some similarities, but this is like saying a rhinocerous and a cockatoo are similar because they both have noses.
epicluke it all.
Maybe in casual but not in ranked.
She was living in a single room with three other individuals One of them was a male, and the other two Well, the other two were females...
They wouldn't be smoking right before the game man.
better take out a loan for 100k so we can get more loool
I got you: *ahem* BLEAHARGHAPLSHHHHHHHHPLOSH
Pretty sure I read somewhere that it was for US only.
Update your app and see if it still behaves like that
Jesus Christ, he said he opposes mandatory minimums as a general rule so now he's a pedophile defender?
TIL snarky comments lead to dead children.
What's your restaurant?
But what if I don't want to vote.
I guess when your customer base starts complaining and threatening to not purchase your equipment it *becomes* a problem right quick!
I keep forgetting that Monday is a holiday
Das ist mir zu verpixelt :P Aber auch gut
.. never head about this?
Obviously not because Hillary supporters are a prime example of open mined tolerant people
Mr
It means you've posted something which appeals to people who are dumb enough to pay for reddit gold
In Soviet Russia
But that requires intentionally entering Bakersfield.
If you didn't know, Sir Christopher Lee was an actual swordsman and he used his real fighting style when they choreographed his saber fights.
They're just going to lose twice and even harder but that was their choice.
Sorry lad, running a bit on fumes today and the right words escaped me.
By your logic that's 1 in 1,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 (all your zero's after the decimal + 2 more) I know you don't mean it literally, but c'mon, that drop rate is ridiculous
Inferno Dragon?
Is that really something to brag about
------E But.... Fine, I'll put my pitchfork away.
played and loved all of them
Whole chunks of the government needs to be disinfected.
Don't you know, science is a liberal conspiracy, just like the MSM!
Myspace
Trump's platform is "America isn't great now because a ~~black Democrat~~ Kenyan Muslim socialist is president"
that was pulisic's goal, ramos just touched it last.
OP is such a deplorable
I don't even get this tho Like obviously you're not gonna get any matches this way either so what's the point So many dudes have profiles that show incredible contempt for women "Please be interesting and able to talk about something other than reality TV" o ok sure just for you!
Can you explain what you mean by "social housing?"
The hype is strong with this one.
Yes
UFC never should've hired Cyborg if she can't cut to 135, there literally isn't a 145 division (and probably won't be until long after she retires) so I don't know what they expected
Zero fucks.
OpenMW has some problems with optimization too, to be honest.
[](/weasel)
Ouch, that makes it even worse I imagine.
It's usually on the scale of weeks or months, tbh.
*honey nut or bust*
Make America Gamergate Again!
MICHAEL BLUTH IS THREATENING ME!
probably because most areas of this game were made separate from eachother
I always thought most mods were anarchists
What seems off?
Trump refuses to face reality about _______
Thanks.
shh we're going for the 'brave, world weary and cynical' angle here no need for you to spoil it
Sick comeback bro.
I'm all for better regulation for firearms, but in a country as large as America it is nearly impossible to pass and enforce laws that will be applicable and enforceable everywhere.
Me too buddy, im having way too much fun.
Hey, it's *totally* plausible that third-party presidential candidates could get eighteen percent of the vote nationwide this year!
Better than posting shitters
For some reason, I have this image of you as Gandalf saying,"No, Gimli, I would not direct Midsummer unless I had no other choice."
If they fire her, I think there would be a monster boycott of the Rockettes.
I'm screaming both internally AND externally.
It's funny because people say it after the turn starts, by that time the lure accuracy has already been calculated.
Worth it.
Buy beer
What do you think the name *Titanic* means?
That's just you
I think there are so many of us here now that we keep popping up on the front page and most outsiders have no idea what this space means to us.
Playing League of Legends
too soon ;(
Pink Rat rods for the distortion skin?
Dark car and minivan saw a suspicious girl...
Oklahoma
Good conclusion
Yep, I'm seeing it too.
The WWE World Title is the top title (because of its lineage and history, not anything with booking)
i kept waiting for mike breen to come on in that video, what a trip
What's the fan theory for repo men?
Darude - Sandstorm
Clinton News Network.
Who are you talking to?
Yes
Romney would have absolutely destroyed Clinton.
As a white male I agree with this statement as well.
GE
FALCON NO
*Freeze all motor functions*
The Luddites were right all along!
The fit was a 2013 msrp of 18000 and the s40 is a 2011 msrp of 30000
Legalize.
I BELIEVE THAT WE WILL WIN!
I'd be okay with a season of butts
Gotta specify the brand of water he drank to make it believable
r/futureschoolshooters oh yeah, that's right :'(
your welcome
now thats a cross-repost
Were gonna make the hole 10 feet deeper folks!
I honestly think this video originated the concept of the arm fold "action"
the witch thing was more an aspect of later society, it's not actually medieval
means
Our management is not enforcing the lockers at all - walked in this morning at 6:30 to no telxons, printers, or MC40s in any locker.
This entire thread is scummy, actual comments saying that they hope for MSM coverage even without evidence just to put trump in a bad light.
It's like trying to remove sand from the beach, pointless.
yes
Source?
How can I be a clown (and ridicule) when I take it literally
Having seen this many times I can confirm this is a thing.
Fucking nothing.
Ah, alright, thx for the info Why is gadgetzan such a bitch to me tho ;-;
Just a fancy word for thief.
This has been posted before, but I'm not sure about it - the bullshit caller doesn't actually provide any proof so we can't be sure that s/he is telling the truth.
Bigly.
OMG spoilers brah!
If one word has summed up the Guardian over the last six years, and especially the last six months, it's "fear".
oh it does, ppl just tuck it deep deep down and dont tell reddit
Ik, such a great tribute.
This isn't how you pick up women, I don't care what that sub reddit told you.
Inb4 Rosberg "1990 Suzuka"s Hamilton at T1 in Abu Dhabi
He was sold he didn't really want to switch I don't think does the Mls count?
Social Media Mogul Frankie J. Grande
whats your speed i pay 64.99 for 300mpbs a month
Pats didn't make the playoffs and the other 3 lost in the division championship or worse.
I'm sure you're REALLY not a CTR shill, too.
Who cares?
Yes that's really high
It wasn't an opinion though, devil's advocate
They did talk in the pre match about controlling egos on our side...
I'd be willing to bet OP just set it wrong for this pic.
If slavery is abolished only outlaws will have slaves.
More like spurs ran themselves ragged for 35mins and chelsea took advantage when they were tired.
"Change" is definitely my most favorite political ad of all time.
i hate it how cell phone companies fat shame their phones
I think we should thank SkatinBrad2 for the milestone.
The majority of us base our values on books written thousands of years ago by unknown authors.
I don't disagree, but in the short-term once traffic is like that there's not much you can do.
Angry chicken.
This.
Masochists
If he wins the care package safety competition, then no she can't
I like to trim my beard so that it's just long enough to look like a shadow on my face but if I touch it it feels prickly on my hand and whenever I'm nervous I play with the stubbles, with social anxiety is ALWAYS.
I don't think they have for GCN but I have no idea about before that or how ATI released cards
How to say please and thank you.
just to test the system
looking at the comments of other EU lcs players and high level EU players, i have seen them say that he is a known troll toxic player.
Or have our own universities with hookers and blackjack
Yes that's totally the entire reason
No, it won't.
That's what a babysitter is for
I remember seeing a post about this guy a while back... He looks so non threatening and calm but he's a killer!
Who the fuck are these people?
Obviously Apple is telling you to quit your job.
It's Austin Howard LT
Facts
I watched this shit like 10 times
Saint Barnard don't listen, he preaches.
Guess you're mad that I ran you over yesterday.
Twitter's with Satan.
Wait till black friday for deals on a freezer/mini fridge
Even if the move controllers had sticks, resident evil wouldn't use them
mmk regularly vs mmk watching Emily...
na m8, curved answers FTW!
only 13k more subs for dank memes!
I really admire that about France.
I suspect she has some angry donors
I wonder the same thing
Whoosh
TRUMPTRUMPTRUMPTRUMPTRUMPTRUMPTRUMPTRUMPTRUMPTRUMP.
Not to mention that those bombs were dropped in war and were partially in retaliation of a sneak attack committed by the Japanese at Pearl Harbor
Use loopback mode.
More like Microshill am I right?
Hilarious!
BEAR RAID NEVER DIES.
Neither am I. And I think most kids know what sex &amp; gore is when their about 11
Note to self: check state alimony laws before wearing white to a wedding.
No, no, he's a resurrected *kaiju*.
3edgy5me
Sure.
People seem to forget how Napoleon took over most of Europe.
rip next expansions hype no expansion can be hyped without that voice.
Well, this looks oddly disturbing.
Someone tell this guy saying "just no words" is words
He'll make you a mean can of ravioli
Nothing is impossible unless you make it out to be A circle can have 3 sides!
Well oranges have high Vitamic C while Apples are great for keeping your pet worm
Friezypop: What are you, gay?
Lol because Trump and his supporters never lie or make hoaxes.
Keep destroying the planet, you stand up guy!
I think that have just watch Eastern Promises.
I'd do the FW 190's before that.
I love watching him trying to decide if this is a good thing or a bad thing.
Please, tell me all about how you "know" Trump.
Yup :(
Not in retrospect
4-1 *sip*
iOS
They are gone, sorry
This is the dankest timeline
nah id say cold war era liveries would be the old caac livery or air koryo or the old aeroflot livery
I predict a new operation before the end of the year.
We're u at SP?
McDonalds.
Yee
They're adults except for one.
but it will help exports!
Same
It's harder to find people that don't do it.
sinabihan mo sana ng 'ako din'
I'm gonna need to check inside yo asshole.
Obviously CG
Well yeah, it's universal, dummy.
Yep I've actually posted this same idea on here before about freeze, I didn't mention .1 second faster but otherwise exact same idea.
i somewhat get it now thanks, im doing things in blueprints though but its the same idea
I don't think those make you shit on the seat.
crabrawler.
Obviously.
Ooh please review/mini- review!
It's his fault for wishing the star comes close enough to touch.
The most interesting man in the world.
Just the tip...
I'd say this dude was pretty hot when all was said and done
I can't tell if she's that bad at reading the prompter or she was personally pained at the content.
Hello my natHans
Yeah I think it would fit really well
Below 25 - noob 25-29 - regular player 30+ - obviously a spoofed mcnolifer who's only goal is to keep me from holding down gyms with their army of totally legit Dragonites
They are at the top of the EVIL corporations list.
If it were limited to "I told you so" you'd be right, but there's a lot more in it than that.
Too soon
That is a Greek fallacy
Wow, I didn't know Bruce Jenner returned to the Olympics
Well technically I think he said he was taking a year off and then reevaluating.
Bette Middler released a cover version in 1972.
0.458333333
Oh that's definitely their intended role...thing is much like defensive turrets in WWII they're largely useless and don't work as intended
Kkoma decided to flip the jungle.
Just put on sunscreen before you go to bed!
Then counter that with Valtome being a senator
"if it's bitter, it's a spitter"
A dildo.
Myself.
Why did you feel the need to post this again
Being high from dope makes you feel so one with nature!
Those strokes are taking their toll
Trump has been speaking out against NATO since the 80s.
Yeah I didn't find Excavations as bad anymore and having 3 bosses is pretty neat :3
Of which car?
Blaze brotha
He wasn't on the active 53, so he hadn't even been taking a roster spot
"We're gonna build a false wall to keep these wires out, and we're gonna Make them pay for it!"
So, if someone hits her, Trump pays the lawyer bills?
"Construir la pared!"
My basic Pioneer head unit sounds significantly better after the upgrade of alternator to battery, much more bass response; your mileage may vary.
He called ISIS barbarians but that's all I can think of.
FUCKIN A-HOLES!
As much as we want it, it's probably not gonna happen due to complications with UUIDs.
Indeed.
I just switched from FL a couple days ago.
I did a hard restart of Xbox One and no update available
A fair few for both teams they decided not to call anything.
:'(
guy's a highlight reel, giving or receiving.
Funny thing is you sound more mad than people from Cleveland
Scandal ruined the word OPTICS.
Scorpio will do great as well if it follows the same design philosophy.
Yeah but there is something about the emails that I don't quite understand and I can't prove that makes none of what Trump has done matter.
The war on drugs didn't work because it wasn't literally a war.
Yeah but at the same time they were all "rigged" against him.
Yeah I remember that, I broke a couple cheap plastic ice scrapers that year.
Eagles fans roastin ma fuckas err day
If you think a web developer could get away with that, then you're being paranoid.
Why don't you stop being so obtuse and say what you want to say rather than hiding it?
1080p 60hz low persistence global refresh CCD
he's ended 194 years of collective misery, change the hall of fame to the hall of theo
Would you trade your Synchro Gorgonic Ghoul for my Fusion Gorgonic Ghoul?
That wasn't a pun, and it came off more as seething than taunting.
Quite welcome.
About time
Look how quickly Cam jumps out there to congratulate him.
Mike Jones
Thanks to our sub, Putin knew Trump was a member of NAMBLA.
I imagine a coven of vampires, trolling humanity over the eons.
You clearly have different priorities to me
Why you goddamn antisemitic bastard!
Why you goddamn antisemitic bastard!
Rock a bye baby, go to sleep...
Why you goddamn antisemitic bastard!
This is antisemitic goddammit!
This post is goddamn antisemitic!
It's the first word in the title, duh...
Why you goddamn antisemitic bastard!
Have: None Need: Priest, rogue, paladin, shaman, warlock, warrior, hunter, druid, mage.
The cravers are a cousin of the necrophage with cybernetic enhancements.
Sweeper will still give an outline of the champs as it does now unless rito changed it.
He's just lucky, everyone knows he has been declining.
idk but theyd prolly trade the good players they get out of the trade too
As Churchill said: "In wartime, truth is so precious that she should always be attended by a bodyguard of lies."
The fact that store hours doesn't limit actual hours worked since cleanup and setup is work notwithstanding, the plural of anecdote is not data.
Alright, I was doubting about that being what you were referring to since it's referenced in the beginning of this comment thread
that amount of many can be used to help the poor of our country,this is waste of money why buy assault rifles when we can end our disputes by sharing kambal.
Why make a new post and not just reply in the comments of the original post?
Yeah the development of complex computing algorithms never surpassed human ability and certainly didn't do so long before now or we'd have NO jobs.
Not sure.
So smart.
*and I am here worrying about finals
22
Yeah it's pretty ludicrous
Yeah, VSL#3 also recommends a regimen along such lines.
If you go Friday, don't miss: RL Grime, Baauer, Seven Lions, REZZ
A. Zaza is from Georgia not Turkey B. Then fans from Georiga will be watching to see Zaza
PFFFT SKATE 1 m8
When you get a flask from the Spirit Cauldron you get a Sprit flask....da fuq is a sprit?
Liberals never call things and people racist when they aren't racist, amirite.
Its the urn that activates the whispering.
N'Xavi
wat
They were just zipper merging!
Or not because we speak actual German.
Adobt a dog
I thought bow didn't fill your specialist
Typical left-wing indoctrination bullshit, eh?
but that is why we need state rights and the federal gov can fuck off
Why are u looking at the ground lol
Uuum... WOW
That would be wild.
PLEASE
Dear Hank &amp; John
Motherfucking lying arsehole?
Naturally
Surely that's illegal
Are there any numbers to go with this?
Most expensive toilet paper ever.
Its the newest one with the cocktail party
update your nvidia drivers it will fix fps issues
what about WICCAns?
SOME WEE LASSIE GETS GLASSED AND NAE CUNT LEAVES HERE TILL AH FIND WHAT CUNT DID IT!
I always said if the zombie apocalypse happens, I'm moving into the arsenal yard
Well he'd be on IR and have MRSA by now, so...
Did he build it ~~single-handedly~~ ~~singlehandedly~~ with one hand cause he only had one hand?
I upvoted because it must drive liberals insane to think of Trump as the 2nd most admired person in the county.
Shit, my 2015 model better not lose support a few years from now!
It's to be expected from the Guardian, they always put out yellow journalism.
Make a flare Mortar ammunition with parachute
Hopefully that means more trick arrows
I read it as "Evgeni Malkin"
Or ride our bike along the halls?
Unless it could be illegal or something I'll wonder, but not search actively
As an almost *wizard*, I also in need of any answer for this question.
I'm going to go with Nate Silver on this one.
Correct.
wow reallly grasping at strews /politics
Removed due to Rule 5.
2 free rare supply drops
Umm... this is the Dragonvale subreddit... :P
I thought the Gwyndolin fight was kinda lame.
We 128 tick now bois
They will eventually, but this card has never existed before online, so they won't have prices programmed in.
Wednesday
God dammit, whenever I hear hunter I just think Monster Hunter...
It means no one hates you ^^^jk
*Space Jam* pillowcase
Who is spencer to EA ?
As opposed to using the Brutal Death Metal underground hit "Cool for the Summer" at Summerslam?
Not AB, but I love Essence waterproof eyeliner (I use the liquid ink which I think has been discontinued) but they do not budge at all!
Being a father, or paying another bill.. Decisions decisions
We fear more that he won't be our flash in the pan
Mike would still find a way for him to commute
No, but I am pretty sure there is a controller scheme available for it on Steam.
One thing that will kill you there is the heat will be totally blocked, make sure you don't put to many thinks in front of the baseboard heater.
We're still waiting to see what shade of red, white and blue cockup this is going to be first
r/TakeOffYourTinFoilHat
That comment was about you but about the people you hang around, those facebook friends.
All Star by Smash Mouth Id slowly start turning green
You can barrow my dead ordit titan butt towel that has a knife even though our arms arent long enough to reach it.
In bf4 health is simply reduced to 60
lol Shows what a joke the UN is.
Or, this may be unrealistic but what if there was a way to make the majority of humanity believe the disaster has already happened so, in their minds it will have because they will have reacted better "post-disaster" to prevent the actual disaster?
4000 downvotes... you have no power here, CTR you parasitic scumbags.
He looks like an enemy from the old Wolfenstein games
How do you injure yourself catching a ball?
success
Complyin' Ted has boarded the Trump train.
can't fix it for everyone, symbols is better.
"If you're not first, you're last" - Imatwork123456789 Bobby
Because who wouldn't want an HTPC in their car!
Yo what does she actually say there?
With that gun depression, hill would be a perfect spot..
I get years out of my suunto,
Sounds like you don't understand his point
You got a really shitty attitude OP :')
**POOPING BACK AND FORTH FOREVER**
This thing is so fucking cute i would go to Vegas bet my virginity loan from a loan shark stab my roommate become a reborn christian then buy 3 houses and turn into a serial killer only to be killed in an alleyway by the gun of justice from a man that just took a huge shit to hug this thing.
How did using it go?
well the game comes out next month too
Worth noting that early on some people romanized his name as "Marx", not entirely sure if it was serious or a communist joke.
Not true at all and if you really believe that I just feel bad that the education system failed you so miserably.
You sound like a treat.
Because the user base of reddit tends to be very liberal?
Just find out where they work and be like "Well lookie here, not so right now huh?"
Fookin' lazer sights!
F I N G E R G U N S
Interestingly the Mac Pro hasn't been updated since then.
God damn your shots are beautiful.
You might try contacting Executive Relations to push something through.
Pre-Warning, massive internet outages and possible unprecedented sun flare to knock out all media capabilities Nov 5th.
Let me guess; you work a job that doesn't involve any critical thinking/decision making?
No.
END OF THE OHL SEASON MEANS HE CAN COME PARTY
you have no idea how difficult it is to not downvote you for ironies sake.
Yeah I've totally never seen this before.
I'd try something along the lines of selecting the surrounding white, inverting and then shrinking the selection a little.
Tis the season for word follies.
I dont see how this guy get confirmed
6 CC3 + 3 CC1
I can just imagine all the posts of "Dropped my phone..."
Take a look into BitSquare.
You need a gameshark for that model, loser devs didn't implement codes
I mean when you're called Gameover in Korea I could understand the skepticism.
Thanks bby Lately I've been getting downblatted for no stated reason in this sub, so every bit helps.
Yep, I hate the Clintons, and all despotic demagogues alike but your comment pretty much nails it.
Complains a bunch, username checks out
Yeah we have to update them every 2 weeks along with all the internal hardware though cause we're always more obsolete than console
more like... Coworkers
Fly Ravens Fly!
I can see it passing with very few no votes and a lot of abstentions
I'm still waiting for Encino Man Part II.
sorry for asking a silly question, are you saying you play dota with a controller?
;)
ST OLAF HAS THE LEFSE BOWL WITH CONCORDIA WHICH IS KINDA COOL BUT YEAH WE'LL BEAT EM FOR YA.
We signed Ronnie Hillman I guess.
So not worth it.
You're probably right.
Dude it was even in the notes on the pbe and stuff where riot told us they took your dynq mmr because they dont want clown fiestas all over my diamond friends and me got placed in plat all my plat friends got placed in gold and so on..
Lemonade
Need I remind you that harassers and rapists are also criminals?
They can scissor through the bars
Probably helps that he is talking to her like a human, though lucked out with being forthcoming about kinks.
All the Loyalist supporters are acting the exact same way as the SDF supporters did over the US in the TAF incursion
Thanks to Obama a lot of people that were previously salary are now hourly, but that doesn't change their job or benefits.
Considering the land size of japan, 6-7 levels deep organization is just too much.
At work, any chance for a summary?
The greatest reddit comment of all time
Mash that enhance button a bunch of times :)
I suggest you go talk to your professors about how great you think having low testosterone is and how you think you can control those levels by not having orgasms.
No duh
DAE LE TUMBLR xd
Yeah, people run a mythic and feel entitled to get one Legendary.
Jax gives up 5th fewest pass yards and fewest yards per pass play.
No, it doesn't fortunately.
I don't think Teemo R counts personally, but yeah.
A powerwasher for my car ayyyyy
They ~~took ur jerbs~~ herked ur demurcracy
Viticulture is amazing and with **Tuscany: Essential Edition** coming out next month, it's good to get acquainted to this game.
So you're one of those people who is surprised that there's gonna be winter in Finland?
or just halo on xbox one
Yes, very good chance of going 3-9 after OU next week.
More than you obviously
Income statistics, how do they work?
The New York Dolls &amp; The Stooges would like a word with you...
I like my dislikes
Well the picture shown to us was Concept Art so I don't see why people are complaining about something that is not the final product.
"It's the most nutritional substance to a person," Thats why I continue to drink it, if only finding a source was easier..
GET ON THE FUCKING POINT SHINJI!
Well they're passionate fans.
Sad but true.
I know thats not what you meant,I was just kidding
It's allergy season and I can't even sneeze into my arm because I'll be mistaken for dabbing...
Step 1: cut a hole through the box.
You're implying Vista was good?
Scary Democrats more like it
Final Destination, no items, fox only.
But if less is more, then obviously more is even more
Of course they did.
But GIMP!
I knew they won two cups, just wasn't sure which year, so that makes 90 the oilers I'm pretty sure.
Yeah
As will be the case as long as we have the two party system.
driving a car to some extent
"Respect my racism you little turd nugget"
Thats hilariously true.
Still not making as much as a man in the same roles, however.
GUYS, WE'RE ALL MISSING THE OBVIOUS FRONT RUNNER: R2D2
You have an awesome mom.
FlyAway yo!
Haha I too had conditioned water in my mouth spilled some water and do my water changes on Monday mornings.
I read up to the first comma, and based on that information, I read everything else in a Russian accent.
spoopy
I'm a disgrace to my people
Thank you!
You could also try walking Dratini.
Thats hell of a time machine
it was a trashy headline for a trashy newspaper read the express instead
Its a frequency counter showing 19 MHz, as high as my "50 MHz" function generator can go.
hey
The simple bear necessities?
Of course... because that is much easier than laying blame where it really deserves... at her own feet.
once again, reddit teaches me, "you aren't the only one."
Except there's no evidence he's selling anything.
Don't blame me, *I* voted for Kodos.
No, there is no fucking
It fits with the Jesuit philosophy of being God's Marines
Manchester United 2 - 0 Stoke City Zlatan, Martial 45
U
LMFAO
So, if they introduce themselves, and then ask you to turn around so they can snap a quick pic, you'd be cool with it, right?
I'd prefer if they just designed cards better, but that's not gonna happen.
Because it's been 3 hours I assume that you are either dead or in a hospital because of that sub.
what?
"We'll take it out, when you reign in NK"
Time to play the game of has this apple been bitten.
The centered mode just looks like whatever gun is being held is held up right against their throat.
Receiving stolen goods, that could be a felony depending on the worth.
Overwatch in the ass
Thanks, Obama.
Sorry forgot the
HIEL!
No.
Is your PC my PC in disguise..
It was more to do with the fact there were about 10 girls named Rebecca in the year, so we had to find a system to differentiate them.
Where do I buy this
"You smart, you loyal"
Also the IRA stuff and the Mayans and white supremacists.
Not even a few days, just fast travel somewhere and fast travel back
You said decay.
Yeah, but some agency says other countries are the most corrupt... here, let me prove by linking some NGO/CIA website that proves the US is one of the least corrupt....
He's a dinosaur getting knee surgery he might be doneso this year.
One day the D-W beacon will rival YA0 in hulls culled!
Which apparently is only 3% of the nation
So you don't want to play tummy sticks?
Is this the same half that didn't vote?
She's probably the best hunter imo Totally not because her ult counters Ramas :L
You weren't up to it?
That's how I discovered that cool gold LR series III.
Being the smartest asshole
She's a lot better than she was.
Today.
Hot fucking take m8
*Danksgiving charm
is this true ?
GL
Supers for the main deck monsters, ultra for the spells and traps and secret for the fusions would be dope
Whoosh
would it be ironic if a fire station burned down?
If somebody pulled that shit in my campus i'd have 0 problems with linebacking their chain.
Healthcare Live in the US
Yeah but he's old and washed up and didn't deserve to be on the roster
Oversized prostate
Implying that the windows store version probably won't have anti-cheat of any kind, RIP windows store players.
Buy Pepe
In slow motion
Deadline is 8pm Tuesday, Nov 8.
And apparently does nobody else or the pros who think pistols are badly balanced.
Yeah that is worrisome, not sure who I would pick for our second string RCB.
Everyone knows it does but why wouldn't they just shot it ingame like every other game.
ass so phat even the floorboards warp around her..
:)
Never...welcome your new Cub overlords!
Although it's an original version in the movie, the song's copyright is owned by Nintendo, and it's likely they withheld the rights to release the song outside of the movie.
Just wanted to say that I'm a part time Uber driver who gives low ratings if you: 1) aren't ready to go in a timely manner 2) are rude 3) expect the impossible, expect dangerous or illegal driving, or act like traffic is my fault 4) smell like cigarettes 5) smell bad at all or just are dirty 6) slam my fucking door Tips have nothing to do with my rating one way or the other.
You should have roommates.
The man who criticised the act of giving cabinet positions to people who "pay to play" is filling his cabinet with his own fucking family.
[](/ppcute) I was expecting this role reversal to happen soon.
Should be a hate crime
Is it crazy to say he is much better now beating new prospects in the ufc than he was 3 years ago losing to bums in cage warriors and that he will be even better in 3 years?
This would be funny if it wasn't the size of a postage stamp!
They are rising out of obscurity on the back of Donald Trump, so... I find your logic here somewhat flawed.
Unless your absolutely don't care about the outcome of Clinton vs Trump, you shouldn't throw your vote away and vote for successive like Stein.
Nah the dems are literally shipping thousands of millions of illegal Mexicans in buses across the country to vote as many times as possible.
I'm 24. feels weird saying that, I don't feel like its been 4 years since I was 20, probably because I haven't done much since I was 20.
Hayward is better than Rudy
Maybe consider that it's an INSANE sized map and it's not going to be done for a few months before you spew your bullshit everywhere like a yale art critic.
He had very good games on the meta champs at the time
More like 922 ways I ignore that shit.
It's the bill, most likely they didn't pay that.
Finally, Earthquake is viable!
It's a crazy world where China and India are doing more to combat climate change for the future while major Western countries sit idle and watch the slow demise of the planet.
I drink the tears of the doubters!
Mike Pence would respond, "You've whipped out that Mexican thing again."
Too late...the pussy was already grabbed.
Stigma is in my opinion the biggest factor, followed by cost, followed by the learning curve.
shakalaka
You're not missing anything, this counts as news around here on Trump-brigade days.
And probably a lot of editing the crowd chants
Yep, same deal
bo3
But Majespecter Horn Horse is so much fun to use :(((
Ask before you get jiggy with it.
Oh ok, so greatest ally ever has done what for us?
What's a virtual particle?
No
That wasn't part of the conversation - they were just telling me she was Saturday, not giving away all the secrets unfortunately.
Watching OSU tears is worth the money... Ole Miss fan here btw
Are u thick?
Wouldn't that be easy to test beforehand?
YOU'RE REFUSING TO HELP ME SO I'M GOING TO HANG UP
Yeah that's never been done in a movie before.
It's a bit like that in the sense that not all women like tall guys, not all women like confident guys and not all women like an 8" cock
I agree, first season Daenerys was awesome.
It's the best for use when describing weather.
Jodie sweeten
The results for House races show just how secure most districts are for the incumbent party.
The idea that a state might have to cough up a dime to pay for a dollars worth of health care for poor people is deeply offensive to some conservatives.
Lol, whatever you're trying to do you're awful at it.
...Sad
Does it actually talk about motorcycles at all?
So, basically Fallout 4?
And I'm tired of explaining to misinformed people that the broad concept of freedom of speech is in no way limited to government censorship.
I've been following Norm Kelly and BPT for almost a year and this is the funniest fucking thing I've seen yet
whew, what a relief
Damn pronouns with their unions and corruption keeping amateur nouns out of the mix.
Holy shit this defence makes me moist
with
So you can make a atomic bomb on Civilization?
Most of the judges on my ballot were appointed by Scott anyway
How dare Rockwell make a great razor.
This is fake right?
A global force for good.
Dear Trump supporters, Have fun with the rising sea levels that you did nothing about.
What does that have to do with anything I said?
Karl
Not for awhile.
Oh yeah that makes more sense.
I would fucking hate that end
While we're here, I've heard the 70-200 f4 outperforms the f2.8?
He should be on a flight straight to Atlanta, and work at Magic City!
Even if his birth certificate was fake, wouldn't he still be eligible to be president because his mom was a citizen and so he would also be a citizen by birth no matter where he was born?
Glad to be back
This is the traditional Cardinals everyone knows.
Words like violence.
#AMEN!
Agreed, I meant it in the sense that Werenski is more exciting to watch than Ekblad.
Something seems off about that last one, Sherm you fucking hypocrite
Thanks for this super-relevant comment.
I have it installed, I am patiently waiting for all the "Performance increase and bug fixes" updates for the next 2 years while a new IM comes out and Allo goes the way of GVoice.
Jazquizz when Martin falled.
you butchered that title in a pretty good way
Couldn't agree more
It's almost like if Apple makes it easier to use non Apple phones with the rest of their products, they might lose some sales
Verstappen doesn't rhyme with cock.
Replace the fruit with some rice/beans.
Wiggins should, KAT will.
Someone is mad their player isn't being said?
i'd help but i don't know myself, i just think it's funny.
That's a lot of if's, I find it a stretch to believe that Gordon Brown would be capable of winning an election, never mind 2 (it is notoriously much harder to retain power than to gain it).
You are the best, Nazta :')
over there.
There better for if you have less time or want to spend less, but over time the fees will add up I imagine.
autowins is not good
Is the Secret Service going to have to speak to her about this brutal attack on a presidential candidate?
Fun fact: this wasn't scripted
Can we at least pretend to be civil this game?
A Democrat president could always nominate a republican judge, why should the group that controls 2/3s of the government agree to something they dont want?
Over 3000 and climbing.
I hope this is satire :s
You'd think after getting bit on the clock once you'd be a bit more careful
Hashirama
This game.
The best people.
You're worried about nothing
Same here.
Gran Tep Oto
It was a "fuck you" charge attempt.
Oh man.
Being a warriors fan.
After reading your comment I have the urge to listen to Heart Cooks Brain by Modest Mouse.
the Canadian GP tickets came with a bottle of maple syrup and a handwritten apology.
HE WAS THE CHOSEN ONE
Adding in so many different forms for already well established operators seems like a poor design choice
Klay got it back!
Memes aside, Ghostcrawler and the riot goons would be so triggered with a change like this because it "enables decisions" and allows players to make the "wrong" choice.
Fuck sake I got blue balls so hard as soon as he came off.
Bruh did you sell your Andromedas
HOLY LOVE OF PINEAPPLE PIE
I don't think she said it was a one night deal for me, I've also sided with her for everything so that could factor in too.
But their policy is based on their religious beliefs and is, therefore, above reproach, you Islamophobic
this changes *everything*
"Well at least they weren't self-righteous bores"
Should be.
Yeah, for lack of a better term, the status bar in devtools.
Goodly mentioned.
Williams will still find a way to fuck up a pitstop, and we will see LEMANSWINNARNEECOHULKENBURG win the race
Nordisch by nature.
If you're on PS4, Wall is VERY cheap, picked him up for 2.3k, DMC is expensive and he's who I'm grinding for next; I'd put Wall at SG and Westbrook at PG since Wall is a bit taller and a better defender.
Reasons?
r/itwasagraveyardgraph
Then you just whack it with the metal rod after stealing the car.
Sounds good!
Yeah don't you hate it when a pay to win game goes pay to win....
Who is using it as a slur?
Yes, but I believe for the iphone upgrade program you would need a plan with the chosen carrier.
got damn it bobby, if it gets one degree hotter I'm kicking your ass.
He got a debut ufc fight for being famous.
Not just Old Stock Canadians, Extra Old Stock... Molson Canadian.
Buddy, wait til you get to Rose Golden and The Guide
do u really need the
he needs to average 30 ppg, otherwise he's a bust
You can dream for a leaderboard reset
Not to mention Lebron has one of the highest BBIQ's in the league.
Nothing says "better" like being heard 4km away.
Indigo.
44 keys, Beta Nugget, Full Dieci Set, Full painted Beret set, + an extra orange beret + an extra trinity
TO
Hell yes, that we be fantastic
Honestly this is what I thought too..
Welcome to how the developing world actually functions.
"aushwitz talk"
Lebron and KD, but obviously much more skilled than either.
Because it couldn't possibly be their shit parenting, something has to be messed up with their kid and definitely not them.
If you're dumb and can't understand that the complain is about the stealhiness of the change(or a bug) then you should just gtfo.
It's one of those thing that doesn't kill you but it should.
Don't worry, he'll get 95% in 2020
We're still searching, trust me, if we could've just found the damn thing already we would've stopped playing a long time ago.
Dun dun dun!
How many breads have you eaten in your life?
That could be almost any country depending on what you mean by 'region'
the_Donald is redpill is conspiracy is tumblrinaction is imgoingtohellforthis is worldnews is fatpeoplehat is jailbait
If you do manage to dox the guy and get around to kicking him, please do give him one on my behalf.
She's going to have dirty fingers after reading the cake
Post-It on bottom of mouse.
You're not fooling anyone, those are usually printed.
Which cave is it?
I thought it was implied that her and Han had gotten married but I'm not sure
based on the design, I think "UX Team" in this case means "guy in India that sold them a $35 WordPress theme"
No you don't understand, these people have a gun pointed at their head *forcing* them to buy a new MBP.
She knew she was above the law and people can't possibly hate her more so what did she have to lose?
i had no idea these suburbs existed.
Nah, I've managed to test some where they had a bug where you could spawn "real" hero in training, it is almost as bad
Reasons you're glad you have a fish: ~~When you're feeling down and your fish somehow senses it, and jumps up on your lap and gives you cuddles...~~ ~~When it drags you out of a burning building...~~ ~~When it scares off intruders with a series of ear piercing 'Glubs'~~ Fish: At least some of them look cool I guess
It really weighed heavily on her soul.
He replaced a worse dictator.
Are they good?
I hope Barry George has a good alibi
Perpetual motion machines
Strength in numbers I guess
Mraz in EDH has some really cool pint glasses.
In the place where I live (where the Google Store, Pixel, Nexus and other Google hardware is not available), everyone uses WhatsApp
Ugh, that skinny bitch is obviously just with him for his money, poor guy.
Don't forget about him having JFK killed.
This sounds like something hopsin would do and get shitted on but it's TDE so it's koo I like the song tho
I think op is
netdecking in a never ending cycle, someone tries to make their own deck, they go to ladder and face tier 1 decks that other people netdecked, they keep losing to those decks and eventually get frustrated and go netdeck.
Tolerate my intolerance!
Dante Exum will be a good player, even though his stats are trash.
That would be nice!
Right, thanks!
We're hyping up Pink Season.
Well then in the interests of equality let's stop discussing this and demand OP carry this child to term and raise it, regardless of her own wants or desires.
Okay, well in 1000 years, when that all happens, I'm sure they're look back at this impractical hyperloop project for clues as to how they'll accomplish it.
Then why did you ask if he's a cop?
Yes, as practioners of sharia law, we might outlaw none consensual pussy grabbing
"Prove that god doesnt exist"
Look at all those JOBS created!
IGA checking in!
Would you consider the implication that one deserves rape because they are weak insulting?
Pirate dragon warrior
The positivity Reddit's community gives is so inspiring!
That sweet sweet matrix
Absolutely, and a backup copy.
Looks like their infallible lawyers either did not know they were doing or weren't the reason for the ban to begin with, because EA is restoring the service now...
I'm not sure what you're basing the belief that many men who don't attain degrees are 'successful', but I would love to see what it is.
Nick Cave (and the Bad Seeds) is particularly good.
He is to me *prays he voices a character in Overwatch*
That's a bad idea, the 390 beats it out in many more scenarios
r/pokemongo
i have no words...
Where's *your* Pokeball Kyogre?
I'd watch that movie.
As someone with the name Ian, I am deeply offended by this!
What a deal !
I heard he didn't see it coming
I am not religious, so I couldn't care less, but considering these are not painting religion in a negative light I don't see no reason to be offended.
It's a process
I like the cover up cough... Smooth.
Then surely one more wont matter?
Sooooo we would die?
I like corvette's that don't have serious mechanical issues.
I just spent two hours playing in the flood waters in my lifted Silverado... Do I have to report this on my polygraph...
Post more pictures and let us enjoy moer of you ;D
type the code out....
A fine example of the "tolerant" left showing the country how "morally superior" they are by accepting everyone and celebrating diversity.
I'm probably rightly in the minority but I get off on close racing, overtaking, and really pitting drivers against each other... wait a minute why do I watch f1 again?
Mine was last week plus today
Sold!
My interesting fact is that TIL it has happened only twice and Singapore 215 got overlooked completely.
The other one I see people hanging on is a vote for anyone but hillary is a vote for trump.
Then maybe congress should've approved funds
he was a pawn for hillary and admitted it
That.
Citing other websites and blogs is what 'journalism' has become..
CGC: $7.50-$7.80 APH: $4 ACB: $1.95
Then how can you not consciously experience it?
obv throw
?
Haha, that's the reason why I keep a backlog :D Just finished season 2 and I'm gonna wait until I can grab S3 in HD without the logos - just keep patient :)
Was Opie the other guy that wasn't Anthony or Jim?
When you've fully surrendered every shred of integrity, honor and dignity to the abyss because your atrocious self inflated ego doesn't have enough room for those things and itself inside you.
I free xp'd my ibuki for nothing then, thanks WG.......
This is why Hillary lost
Watch ya neck - Wu-tang clan
Yes, same.
He is projecting his insecurities on us
fist bump bleep bloop
And to add: Bakit kayo namimili ng destinasyon?
f u n n y
Would love one, buddy, pretty pretty please!
but.. i like pepsinext's reposts..
Then they don't get voted for next time.
"Scratch a liberal, and a fascist bleeds."
Same reason how it is not illegal to vote a criminal, voting someone doesn't make you that person.
Reddit is NF
please limit your posts to... ugh
Just saw that, that really, really sucks :|
Were leading bc our division is also injured, and the Bengals suck.
Sounds like an awful Tumblr fanfic
Or it's the game that isn't balanced.
Battlefield seems like the same game with a few changes every day but Siege is just completely different from anything else on the modern market.
Let's all come together as shitlords, and say that women are the problem.
Ok
S7e 5.5" XL 5.5", Plus 5.5", v20 5.7" Note 7 doesnt count.
WE MUST SAVE LORD JEFF
maybe link the video(s)?
I never knew Ted Cruz does drag.
ill take a look now.. player_behavior_score_last_report: 7858mmr
celica gale spam
you actually thought man
E D G Y
If it was Putin's hand, it would have a Superbowl ring instead.
Ah that's a bummer =\
Having to get a job?
Wouldn't mind one of these jobs myself, I don't have a degree though
but y
In other news, a gram of meth in the morning has completely dealt with my coffee addiction.
This is a market correction after the drop when Trump was announced the winner.
I want this to happen so bad.
Um...independent here....
Males or females?
How many countries has he invaded?
Painting is cheating.
He was fine until their second goal which then colours people's opinions of how he played, he wasn't great but he wasn't very poor
TIL That's super cool
With actual carpets?
Yeah I'm not buying the sound at all.
If all constituencies just followed their constituents then the vote would be a majority leave, but somehow I don't think that's the result you want.
As Priest player it's the sound I hear in my nightmares.
Go back to your original country if this one's opressing you so damn much.
You can have an opinion, but you cannot make laws based on your opinions.
I've been cautiously optimistic, but OP I will fly to Africa and mildly annoy you for the rest of your life.
That's actually pretty neat
I have a theory that the closure of bt was hitting two birds with one stone, or in this case 3 birds and those are 1.pleasing the saudi embassy 2.Dumb-ening the public with closure of said news company and 3.Reducing the available "hot topics" for people in our brureddit to discuss about and be informed on what do you think?
You're going to pass most of your electrical wire out to the exterior of your house ?
You mean the McDonalds across from the high school in West Seattle or the McDonalds by Northgate ?
At this point it is more worth it to sell him several weeks after the promo, he has the highest overall in the game, his card is good in general, and his boosts are nice
Documentary of the 1997 season on the B1G network.
I really need to learn how to solder.
Not ignoring it, but it's what will be more apparent with the inevitable IS/Clan split in the faction QP games.
Definitely a Trumper
Yes, in general in all the European countries people living near the borders go to fill up the tank and to buy things in cheaper neighbour's supermarkets
I think you've seen the link already but i'ts hidden as a number 3 on Asahi's jersey
Any embryology textbook is going provide proof.
Properly inflated balls
Because the comment itself isn't completely biased already?
:(
One word: LUL
The Cleveland route.
A Gurl Has No Gain
But you still have to start every hands-free command with 'Hey Siri' - even when you have to reactivate Siri to correct a mistake it's made.
Wat?
Signed.
Nice bit of shaming language from the feminist there...
*Claims to be against categorising and labelling of others* *Goes ahead and categorises and labels others* Hypocrisy thy name is SJWs.
you great white afro bean cunt
All the Berners laugh now, just wait til Trumps Supreme Court takes away their weed.
My dog loves broccoli.
you're wrong, the controversy of No Man's Sky has negativity affected the Gaming Industry...again.
METRO
He could be even more helpful if he pushed for reclassification of marijuana.
Try a price match at Best Buy?
perrrrssssspppppecttttivvveeeeee
Look how perky they are!
Nests.
Women can't be owners, Silly.
if the "refugees" had their way the woman and girl would be wearing a burka.
I'm not in town now, but love hanging out and getting to know people... I'm not a spring chicken, so if you ever get to salt lake and want to visit (young at heat) me and my happy hippy cottage, you're welcome!
What is *J. Cole*?
He's joking Hopefully
She was already high
Why arent you taking care of the kittens?
Alex told her the day before her eviction, after the veto ceremony..
Interesting, I'll try it.
Ballora?
In almost every case you can kill an enemy mech faster with focused damage to one component than by vomiting LRMs at it and giving it the opportunity to torso twist or run behind an obstacle.
according to on-line NIH database, etc, etc... billy sucks dick
Yea, the Southwest doesn't want or need the CSU, but seems like Austria could do with a healthy dose of *traditional* conservativism.
I like how when he introduces the sausage in a sausage he goes all Eddie Huang.
there are inserts btw you can buy for shoes that have charcoal in them like dr sholls but there are other options too.
OMG except you cant do mammals because theyre cute.
#MEME MAGIC IS REAL
Lol you realize Ivanka is Jewish, right?
00:00 Pacific
Cuphead, anyone?
The director is a Liberal appointee.
Yeah, MX blue.
Is it not fucking ugly?
I can get it for 420 now graphite 32gb is it worth it?
And wears a safety vest!
rip mouse good night sweet prince
Wow these are situations I never face in ranked xd But going after the logic I would say yes since it always attacks again when a plan is destroyed by the hit (again not sure on this :P)
its 2am on the 13th where I am... Hoping it will come soon
Who decided to give students the ability to directly call IT after hours?
Its like Disney is a profit making enterprise that just spent 8 billion to acquire a franchise and want a return on their investment....... crazy shit, i know.
Didn't Garrett say day to day?
Yeah, its completely optional as well
Expansions are 40$, probably 10$ maybe 15$ because of the amazing character slot and stash space
Where is the threat of harm to qualify as assault?
i only say 15 minutes because that's how long it was reported she had gone before a defib
I don't think so, it seems like these interactions are in secret soon before the day starts, there's no point in declothing her, she's already ready for the day
I'm convinced Guggie and the writers were give a stern talking to by the higher ups.
"They're being politically correct like Librul scum!"
B..b...but... #AL GORE
Damn, Daniel.
Yes No Don't know
Setting aside differences and finding common goals to work together on might be more constructive.
If she needs a rich handsome boyfriend to put her up in his mansion, tell her not to call me, I'm broke as fuck
Cha cha cha!
FWIW I'm super pro gambling/pro casino and I'm voting no on 1 because it's shady AF
... i feel stupid...
hopefully it goes towards aids funding in this scenario...
We ran the same play 10 times in a row on the broncos on national television, and they couldn't stop it.
Hopefully devs are smarter than that and will never do that
I played 3 matches of Dodgeball yesterday afternoon, 1 started with 4v5 and the other 2 started with 3v5.
Dats badass
Coldzera = toxic coldezra = best player in the world
Yea campfire adds a couple capes and a couple backpacks
At least our bills are the same size
They never had and they never will
Rogue One is a great example of the power of digital cameras.
Whys everybody making fun of this really tall woman?
When you buy Jugger and knife the machine sounds the jingle too!
If marshmallow peeps screamed when you ate them, would you enjoy them more or less?
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooh
The social experiment was fake but the ass munching was real.
But their specs are bad and they spend money on marketing!
Cause all the LSU fans are gonna be so bored due to winning so badly they all leave to drink some more right?
nah, he's just a random persen
jebus christ
Wrapped up like a douche, another runner in the night.
She died in 1852....
Has no one in this family ever seen a dinosaur before?
Perfect napping spo...I mean perfect area to go in to take inventory and paperwork.
They both have the same spray pattern up to 20th bullet.
Shit, they didn't even have the decency to automate it?
I don't poke fun at people who like vore, I just tend to stay away from them since we don't usually share common interests.
'Tis why I have that URL memorized.
Good to know, thank you.
with that scoreline i would assume he pushes for the win if neccessary, then again i know from a friend that tried to derank on purpose quite a while back (first year of GO) that you would have to really try to get taken down at some point, as running with a knife would lead them to victory.. (not sure how true, but i could see that being possible)
You're lurking in the wrong place sir
never heard this question on a burger post before.
Some substitute explained to a whole study hall about how Hillary was actually a lot worse than she appeared for a good 15 minutes.
Adopt-a-PeasantTM
wow ok that is stupid considering most will only use it for free stuff and then never use it again
No worries.
What's that
This obviously proves both candidates equally bad.
WE DID IT REDDIT!
Unless you committed a crime they probably haven't looked at your data.
Rumple already lost a son, they wouldn't do that again.
Mine didn't care, and didn't ask -- they said "here's your prescription," I told the pharmacy I only wanted part of it filled because I had some leftovers, no issues.
According to them, it's all made in America.
Pretty sure that falls under giving oneself a gift in office.
Alexander Hamilton
Nobody cares.
Guy knew exactly what he was doing.
Google Mormon garment images
no my friend but the guy above said "We already do get blue essence, for every game we play" :^)
That is because the Terrain only assisted, gravity gets the kill.
I don't see how anyone could come up with an answer that isn't 50%.
Central Valley represent!
Marching down the street peacefully is neither of those.
I would be
I wouldn't mind moving back when I'm older.
I have over 1918 hours in eso and I still am only cp 164 the game gets you hooked
its what happens when you cater to the wrong crowd, waste all of the awesome potential your game has, and become an afterthought.
#yup
Bonds pay higher interest rates because they compensate you for locking your money up for longer.
Try 'Divine' milk chocolate, feel like it might be up your street as someone who 'likes' Hotel Chocolat but with the same reservations as you.
I would also argue that if you're going to give some teams a "1A" that take isn't, you've got to give Winnipegs Laine - Little - Connor/Perreault
Just go full Linux gross hack style and write a script which automatically shifts the active hours forward by an hour every hour.
You can use a relic while moving.
Trump's a shill too, ya think ?
Lol I've been here ever since you made that comment on how it's harmless to view CP
Says the bitch boi complaining about being downvoted.
Even if you were in the US (where I live), I couldn't justify such a small trade :-/ sorry
It's both terrifying and AMAZING!
What if they have been all along?
Red Dead Read Again
The MLB at bat app sucks when it comes to watching highlights
I wish I could, I've gotten in trouble for doing that here once before.
So it's a cult now?
*That we know of*
G2A is not a reputable site to buy anything.
When you're playing Cowboys and Indians and the Indians pull that shit you just gotta laugh.
Chuck
Then they'd celebrate that you "admit she has something to hide" with no sense of irony whatsoever.
So, the Torries were always right to be taking care of their people?
Ya, that was why I added the fish oil, my other theory was the increased time spent outside during the sunmer might be the cause.
What's the difference between regular paper and Origamido paper?
It's always great to get a notification for a game... After it's over
I'm not a savior by any means, but this is funny, because most often I'll help save a situation with the little ones, and my wife usually causes them.
Five.
His stupid decisions don't justify what Ted Cruz's campaign did.
I never proposed, we were living together and marriage was considered the next step
Arachnopicus Maximus!
The 25th caprice!
They nerfed shard so its not the always go to now
no.
I would trust someone who has done acid before and flown a plane before to fly me in a test experiment over nowhere in harms way.
Triggered.
Sniper: Headshot now minibashes
Wait... your sister and her husband shared a GF that had 2 assholes?
Not in maze.
Yes, but not in the way you're thinking.
What is this about?
I tried but it was not available from their distributor.
Fuck capitalism and the MSM, amirite?
Yeah, but she's under a gag order and can't talk about it so she doesn't count.
I had so many iPods have hard drive failures.
I guess that means nobody is, since I'm barely sentient as is due to my severe depersonalization
Explains the Minireena's They learned her movements
send me some brother
Sova is owl in czech
What about for the average bear?
More like a stroke.
I rather enjoy other people's journeys because mine usually consist of me flattening areas for about 40 minutes at a time
an over-the-top angle, if you will.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA I called this bullshit over at r/redacted the other day and they didn't like that.
obviously someone hasn't run a puppy slaughterhouse (also I just enjoy being needlessly cruel in this game, so it probably is really inefficient)
Why didn't they just remove friendly fire?
Mmhmm.
Santino after the "you look like a couch" critique.
does she shit too?
Cutlets back fulkkkkk it
I love the scent, but they kill my allergies.
Yeah, our defense is shit, let's just use the worse goalie.
That's awesome, hopefully this can be extended to more summer programs too.
"Research intensifies"
Were they flying or walking?
unappreciated comment for the day
Patience Abish, we will be more than "just friends" publicly soon enough.
Ever since the Bakries started the fuckery with the Roar so many years ago?
After tonight, easy 4-0 win to the Jets!
I wish they'd introduce quiet buses as well, I find it quite annoying when a whole bus has to listen to a person's phone conversation or two people discussing who of their friends is dumb and who not.
Which is odd because they have good engines but their customers are old... I'd still buy one because they are more reliable than grandma making cookies.
I'm not in Canada...
That's a quality video right there
Maybe...but the elipses suggest that it splits again on both tracks.
gotta love americans that think in china the CCP are a small group of people who literally control everything haha
Hillary literally promised to attack Russian fighters in Syria, so that's a pretty strong motivation for them to want anyone else.
T-boned my instructor's car.
That's the most metal thing I've heard all day.
Will do when I get a more stable connection, and no, uploaded directly through reddit
Falcon pauwwwwnch!
Can't come soon enough.
Only if you own at least one fedora and a sword cane.
If anything, This easy easier to do with Reynolds.
It's so real.... yet it looks fake?
I'm not buying anything in particular, so I guess unlimited.
"ruin"?
Let's go!
This shitpost is not even laughable
No more moving Bogut screens
Extremely Republican
Golly, I wish protests weren't so damn inconvenient for everyone else.
I feel ya m8, I'd hoped to see some Australian ctu's, but I'm glad that we got Poland instead of Israel.
Yeah but who needs real 5's when you've got a KD
No all straight people are horrible homophobes and should be put down duh
Agreed.
They're hypocritic pieces of shit.
How do you protect your stash from the pandas though?
OI you didn't get the joke on the other thread where I said "cunt", what gives man, it totally didn't sound like I was calling the OP of that thread a cunt.
I honestly thought that Randall was a Redditor at that point...
vestfold v2
It is successful as a boogeyman by you know who.
That or some passenger deciding to jump out, dooring you.
I want to know how badly you cheated to accomplish this.
Infinity Ward release Modern Warfare 4?
Johnny Ace created the cutter you heathen
Lol I didn't look at the uploader or anything and when the guy walks in with a gun I was pretty shocked... then just like.. wtf..
And MK's Jingu Bang are charges too, except they're expended.
He told us he is a grill in his twitter account.these people today smh.
Your point, if you had one, eludes me.
-no sitting on my chair ever even if I'm nowhere near it -I must sniff every bag of groceries thoroughly before you touch them -if I leave the room you have to follow me to see where we're going or else I'll sit on the floor and howl until you come
HOW DARE YOU ACT LIKE YOU ARE XIMO!
I don't mind fan service but if thats all a show has going for it i might as well just watch porn
Fantasy league gem
Will send the details
Given how many posts I saw here from both Sanders and Trump supporters citing exit polls as proof of fraud from the Clinton camp, I'd love to see what they have to say about this.
I think DBG finally decided to do "Free Construction Weekend" because new players cannot buy any construction stuff since those cert prices are too expensive
It's kinda hard with the amount of dumbasses on reddit that believe in the horseshit theory.
All those years losing in Kobe's house still haunting your team
This Darindar Mudi and Endia's idea of asymmetric warfare!
if you need to LC an armband, it's not meant for you.
leave op he obviously knows better than you, he's not a whiny redditor after all
Doesn't this go against "Inter-Galactic Reddit Law"?
Setting the console as your home Xbox solves like at least half your problems.
There's no societal benefit to having an educated society, after all.
Forreal, she is a disgrace, 30 years of career politics and can't even lie properly and display a pokerface, i was a better liar at 13.
Probably a good place to use an S7 Note.
Yeah, it's easier to walk down 5 flights of stairs, cross the courtyard, and walk 5 flights back up again, compared to just staying on your level and walking around the middle.
Sending you a code :) Could you upvote the post?
As long as my news comes from some fly by night internet blog, I know I am right.
She looks so familiar, and I don't understand Spanish.
Gib
No true patriot would ever let history or details get in the way!
In that episode, while speaking to Pam, Dwight (being moderately to severely concussed) says "Okay, see you later, Pan."
You mean you don't do 3 circles around the tab x to close it?
King frederick of oobstackle of course.
And the QB that can't do either played at the redzone.
I suppose he is getting overtime pay from the ransom money America paid his horrible, degenerate, extremist nation.
Scy 50 free - 33.xy 100 free - 1:16.xy 200 free - 3:08.xy Sophomore in hs (I know that my times suck)
Mine deals a bar and a half
Why aren't they scanning children's brains?
good luck with that.
Yeah yeah, sourry sourry I meant my forced-windows-10 master PC race propaganda machine.
Didn't Damien Williams start over Ajayi last week?
That would be quite the long con.
Can you give me one?
Sounds like a shit tornado
It'll be fine if it's in 6 feet of water for like 4 second until you get out though
That's nothing new.
A pussy grab is always appropriate for Diddlin' Donny.
I'm in Chicago, people dropped everything
Hillary's body is telling her it doesn't want to run, but she isn't listening.
There's no telling when her true form is revealed, this is merely preparation - I apologize, but it is necessary for you to know what we are in for, hiss!
"fascists divide themselves into two categories: fascists and antifascists" - Ennio Flaiano
Conor has lunchboxes for hands.
This is the first time I've seen a real apple still on the tree it came from.
If you insist.
The sarcasm is strong with this one.
Or Trump and prosecuting Hillary Clinton.
Why not both?
But it's betta with feta
Prefer pk, but these are still dope!
lol, no way.
OP be honest are you the no fun allowed faggot hanging out to the left?
the water is just below the pavement, if you're not familiar with the area you might not realise there's a large dip in the road.
Gillette Tech and MLS Kraken or Cape Verde
lol you think Obama is a radical marxist?
Who?
".$shitty_pun."
I'm Obama basically
And this is the toffee-nosed response you get from someone called Lavinia.
/uj this sounds fucking terrifying /rj #ASCEND
yeah, trump isnt part of the elites or anything.
Principal Lewis never changes.
Samsungs have had OIS since the S6.
Way to support Big Pharma and the anti pot legalization lobby pleb.
#BOTLIVESMATTER
flint doesn't count :(
maybe at the the very very very end of sale when everyones trying to dump all the expiring cards, but other than that the card prices dont go down in price at all other than the sale cards wich start high 50-24c then drop to 15c first day of sale til close to end then hover around 9c at end of sale
Idk but it felt quicker somehow, broke traction at higher speeds than it did previously
I mean you can't make it worse
Matador will stagger them with every shot once shield is down, making your captain killing experience a safe one.
I agree so much... Watching fnatic has been the highlight of the event for me... I didn't know much about them before.
Ace stream?
thx
Yep, just let him walk, good idea
I love you guys.
maybe because Roiland is 80% of rick and morty voice actors and he made the game?
How much ammo do they have?
Lmao
One only need look at the SBC.
your teammate is just watching you like "hoooly shit"
With certain recipes they are the best (but only the kind that are actually cheese, not that cheesefood shit, there is a difference).
What else is there to this?
Okay Thanks.
Flair checks out :P
Haha poetry is gay
I mean BT had it in his head all along
''Simple'' ''S I M P L E'' i fuckin hate you
It should, yes.
Well it is.
Why the comments should have never been made | Vampire Rants #10
found the console peasant
Jupiter Ascending
It'll probably go back to being the bickering between Respectability LGBTers and Direct Action Queers.
Hey, TSQL developer here - be quiet :p
Too much White terrorism in the US.
Sigh.. If you're using the ingame apperance list, the hands are Gloves of Issued Challenge and boots are Moccasins of Silent Passage.
Missed my stop north of $25 on the $SUN train this morning, trying to decide if I should cut profits right at the $1K UBTI threshold or hold until next year and fuck my taxes up properly
In clamshell mode when there's no video monitor detected (ie, you've switched away from the MBP's video) then there's nothing that will keep it awake.
People are just sick of the corruption
Ah yes, the reduction of problems into bite size "If this, then they're that" solutions.
My only problem is the way he handled interviews
Yes, candy is tasty.
Sounds like a great opener to a short story.
I can't wait till PES (or, sigh, FIFA) become playable with PSVR... and I can just hover over the sideline in a full stadium while playing the game.
Trump's appointment to LEAD it.
AKA Maintenance Nightmare.
it's not a bug, it's a feature
Intellect?
Ugh eww
Second floor basement?
"Not Because Girl" hahahahahahahahahaha
What about my 99 points in resistance?
Memegod's memeing powers seem awfully limited
$3 is robbery when your account balance is$21.83 and your ride is on E
Go to a clippers game
Its like they are self aware and just fucking with us.
For u
And yet everyone around me thinks all the Republicans are fully in accord with Trump and will have full control over the government now.
The guy literally JUST said how everyone unfairly dismisses iOS games that are ported from consoles and PCs and then you unfairly dismiss games for being ports.
How to meditate?
as in, they just don't care about crosshair customization.
3 years... See lol
U
Good thing you arent a Hunter, and it doesnt matter.
They are the fastest already, the other classes battle out for second
big freaking suprise.
It could be worse, Twilight is on ITV2 at the mo.
The kekiest of Utahs
Jody.
Right before her Satanic Rituals
lol that writer is too incompetent to space these things correctly, all the minuses have a different spacing.
Disney only "bought" Pixar in a technical sense...the deal involved a massive amount of Disney stock and afterward Jobs and his folks ended up with massive influence which at least IMHO has reshaped the parent company in very positive ways.
A clear case of bigoted photoshop.
Why does the mobile game offer us the option to play as the IMC and not the actual game?
Seriously how can he say that DT's campaign is about himself when his tag line is literally "MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN" he wants a better future for all Americans, not just the ones that support him.
I initially read it as "ilo y v oue"
Wanna hang out?
We can't have instant wave clear now can we :/
Don't worry I sent a support ticket to get it fixed &lt;3
Who cares about MF pick anymore Bengi played NIDALEE!
Unkindoodled
You may have just be jabbing but I truly hate him with all of my soul and being so badly I can't see straight.
I shoot back
CAN'T WAKE UP
Easy, he didn't read the article.
Something... something... North Pole!
You wanna write him a public letter explaining the state law?
If people considered their privacy like their gun rights... oh, who am I fooling?
Surprisingly, I *like* this license plate logo better than the new NC logo.
Moon.
Nah he is just so fat he collapsed in on him self forming a black hole in which hl3 will never escape
That article is so badly written I scarcely find it plausible
That Donnie Darko font tho
Do it
Dat accuracy doe
well, looks like he did
Pink panther
What's the idea behind the Thomas The Train/Pleb face?
Sorry josh
I believe the 3 needs to find time to to improve as a letter if it wants to be in a competitive environment such as 'Weak3n'.
I'll take HK-47, thank you.
Her damage didn't look good enough to replace McCree or Genji.
What rpg?
Wait... I thought Europe was basically Eden and we were primitives by comparison... What could they possibly be mad about?
OK, you're adding even more to the confusion I'm talking about
Sure, no dispute it's less than retail obviously.
But...... FinalCutProX I neeeeeeeed it
From what I can tell they don't have anything to do with Fallout 2's hubologists, they both read the same (pre war) book and decided it was true
I am so glad I didn't google it
Disagree wholeheartedly, especially on a body like that :D
Because countries don't ever export or import anything and only have ~~strong independent~~ self-sufficient state-of-the-art economies like Best Korea who don't need no other countries, overseas investments aren't something anyone ever heard of and I'd rather have dem strong bowdahs and nashunal ahdentehtey than dem evil corporashunz not giving their moniez away, fuck finance and economics and sheit, who need dat
I'm thinking late first or second round.
I've always been of the opinion that if damage taken in the game isn't in a cutscene or otherwise isn't shown on the player-character (batman's suit in the Arkham games shows battle damage as he progresses showing he's taking a beating throughout the night) then they didn't actually take damage.
Naga Hex seems a good pick then
Found one of those guys who only read headlines
Not now, Jin-Yang!
Patrickjmt
Can't reach bronze V, stuck in gold ... Good team every time, fuck
Cool down now.
I think you overestimate the majority of people, especially CNN viewers.
Considering our current first line options include Alex "14 points last year" Chiasson and Linden "15 points last year" Vey, I don't beggars can be choosers here.
It's just imbalanced where you have like 10 games at 1pm and three games at 4pm
Damn right.
I'm more enthusiastic about Gunn in World Tag League than YoshiTatsu.
Isn't the new garage completed now?
Oh man, I wonder if it's because Biff is based on Donald Trump?
Dude please tell me you're trolling and not this dumb..
Much better
I am sure you could have a window that opened and closed on a timer.
Better late then never!
#DRAIN THE SWAMP Pepe's safe on his Lily Pad!
Does anyone know the Obama Rommney/McCain ratio?
idk, she just looks like a Pumpkin Spice kinda girl
It's already over this is just the regrettable make up sex before we *really* break up next time.
"The cap" sounds pretty cringy tbh
Houston takes the lead with 1:29 left.
Brings the question: What does he know about Hillary Clinton and the Foundation?
Nah this is just evidence she's a neocon!
The Bush-Clinton-Saudi Cabal must end!
My most favourite apostle is Bednar because I think his arrogant authoritarian leadership will send many Mormons, those with a brain and a backbone, running from the church.
Amtrak is $10-20, cheaper than PCC or SE.
Pujols comes to mind.
The temporary suspension was only a setback!
Thats right, theres no such thing as gay, just higher rounds of gay chicken.
ISIS is encircled in Iraq thanks to the PMU's, they actually did this precisely to prevent them retreating to Syria and causing problems for the regime.
VapeNayyyssshh
I want to hear that sax isolated.
theres a Miami in Texas as well, they pronounce it My Amma... that in itself is idiotic but what do I know I'm a redditor.
KYS
Seems strange, many drivers nowadays have implemented the feature
You can only be racist towards humans, duh.
So then why the fuck are we giving them more money to defend themselves?
Or you could be named "Jake Kanner."
I mean so can Tyr, Wukong, Osiris, Chaac, Bellona, and Odin
No, hire me, I can computer better and I can internet.
Fuck you buffalo are cool as shit.
You need lots of RAM and one of those fancy i7's, don't worry about the GPU, the rest makes up for it
Exactly my point.
Nice try IMUG.
I Ibet your k/d is shit scrub.
But all the wmds we found!
I hate the joke because it makes people punch me.
BTFO
He was a transfer and I still think Brees is better.
don't think they're currently taking orders
Does it update live as he changes his policies by the hour
Also everyone who used the words "Taylor," Swift," "Taylor Swift" "T-Swizzle," "Snek," or "Taytay."
This game made me respect guys who stand up for their teammates 10x more.
Only if you accept what I can afford consistently, karma, for your wages.
Even in *freaking lego sets* the TV characters dont make the cut
Not as dangerous as a rocket jump
Yeah... those first two runs we had were pretty good.
And I don't think he lies.
Lmao
Mate by your logic if nothing lasts forever, nation-states aren't a sustainable form of governance, the Internet won't be around eventually, we'll all die, and nothing's worth discussing.
Of course Vader won half his team was helping...
I am not a fan of the Alberta Party since Glenn Taylor was the party leader.
I want to be able to not walk or move to play a game that's main novelty is walking and moving.
Arbitrary cutoffs are frustrating when it excludes other guys with very similar (or much better) stats.
Michael Dell could fix this instantly.
Sometimes I wonder if the servers I'm playing on are cracked then.
Good eye!
But not all semi-automatic rifles are "assault rifles"?
yah yahh yah!
So the police get attacked for this and Ireland gets praised?
Things funnier than Taylor Hall being on the banner of the week for Edmonton.
I always assume well lose going into games, that way when we win its better.
Don't "okay seriously" me when you DM me scans of SCP to show they're multiversal lmao
Because it was too early for them to wake him up?
It's hideous.
When did she say that?
Clearly the properties of this Nen must be unstoppable and brilliant
I was too young to remember.
Motherfuckers on this subreddit don't understand that you need to use more than one color in order to represent an object semi realistically
I use Vivaldi and never got these ads either
David Cameron?
I would agree with you if they didn't put people in cages for a plant.
And 100% are absolutely deplorable
Pick a legendary
can't wait to have a completely figured meta 5 minutes after a game or a patch release
That set is also used for porn sometimes
I'd just jump on a gold train and hope for the best.
"... that it doesn't have a fucking clue."
Julie was in one of the final destinations, that's what I remember her from.
And somebody actually believes it
I know, but his twitter was just as much of a shitshow all through the election
Please, Trumpets, tell me why this doesn't matter, so I can proceed to laugh myself hoarse.
considering that there is no treaty or binding resolution granting palestinians sovereignty/ownership, would it be reasonable to argue that palestinians are stealing land every time they build new homes?
Pre-LCS was actually pretty great with large international tournaments with Moscow 5, Dig, TSM, CLG, etc
Actually one of the top posts was from SirActionSlacks, who casted The International, and his comment was "Thanks for this, im going to watch my first game of leauge ever because of your post" Hotbid and Maelk, who are owners/personalities also commented positively about the thread.
And here am i with zero
Look at that badass, just casually picking up bras and panties gettin tossed at his feet.
You know you are pathetic when you can't even keep your propaganda machine under control 3 on 1
Google
And with how all the cool shit in the talent trees is set at level 25, I'm enjoying this a lot.
I admit I don't know a whole lot about the annexation issue specifically, but it's clear from the rest of your post that you've simply already made up your mind and will not be swayed by anything I say.
I'd be willing to wear those pants of yours if it leads me to seeing her.
No it's absolutely what happened,Harry was pretending to be dead and in the confusion neville kills the snake while Harry slips around in his cloak.
In Western Europe in general beer is ridiculously overpriced everywhere aside from certain supermarkets.
ew gross
Me either
insane anti-cheat system Kreygasm
...How YOU doin'?
Fucking McCree.... having to come in and make another note for existing......
Ilyasova is so annoying to play against and i fucking love it
Until you dc midway through fel rush
Where does one get such statistics?
so you are saying if you shoot at me and i shoot back it is my fault that the human shield you brought is also hit by shrapnel?
She has to be 6'3" with those shoes on.
They lost my support after 2h in the beta.
lmao Explains why we're over reacting to the assassination attempt, I guess.
Because the FBI director is a weasel
They pay $700 for a $400 TV, $50,000 for a $30,000 car, $110 for a $70 video game.... Australia often gets royally fucked when it comes to the price of consumer products.
Elon musk is pinker then an Indian River grapefruit.
We can put men on the moon, but we can't get everybody to *believe* it.
meant to put
I'm the one who vomits.
That explosion probably hurt a bit
French one is going to kick ass I hope they do a Verdun.
what was the older older one?
Should've been a live leak video :-P
A political ad with misleading information but not technically lying Wow...never saw that before
Do you really want your home powered by Mexican electrons?
I got the impression that this tweet is more rhetorical than actually asking why
raspy aspy lmfao
Too narrow,but might work against us because our midfield is shit right now.
Dota 2 can be ran with Intel HD graphics at 60+ fps on low preset @ 1080p
Literally unplayable
nelson is 80% observing this sub
As soon as my son can hit adult size clubs I'll be having a set of these made for him, he's a blue fanatic.
I've seen more perspective from Ann Coulter.
I alredy have Facebook on my browser blacklist to block anything (like these like buttons) from Facebook just like i would do with malware sites...
Man, I used to really like this guy.
blame russia, everything is their fault you know...
I like it but it feels very exposed for what looks like a $1000 gaming pc
He had 3 shots on net and no scoring chances.
I doubt it
Thrown out of Spaceland... *...and into Space...*
Anytime, cutie.
Good thing you didn't put the game in the title so the game developers won't get credit for the people who don't want to scroll past half the comments
We're all garbage at social interactions, but at least we don't say shit like this.
*Just waiting for preseason*
r/politics
And also r/Avoid5
Same with highschool girls,but they are probably better at hiding it.
How do you use exactly $15
You sound like someone who doesn't have eight figures
This is the new job of The_Donald; Finding these posts and reporting them to ensure his security.
Probably a solid decision as the top presidential candidates are both assholes.
Because, you know, things like being born with a disorder or into a very poor family has nothing to do with how successful you end up being
Because they're still women despite being lesbians.
How long before someone is called unpatriotic or antiamerican, for criticism of Donald Trump's slow train wreck?
With the NSA and the other dark agencies why did they not know about the server and go to President Obama or someone to get it shut down.
Straight up majestic.
Me too.
We've done it two weeks in a row now.
I'm sure the FBI or cia may have done bigger
I'm sorry I thought this was America.
Ehh, not striking but pretty decent
ey bb nice shop u got there
Nice
The "best" people.
Any combination of uncharted and spongebob is okay with me
Also, it's worth noting that with the free boosters from the event getting heroes to level 5 is much easier.
"Cops are about to be the real bad guys" Look at us now.
Terrific xox
its ok we all make mistakes
Can you choose to have them put in a small ring rather than a barbell?
Yeah, 'cause it's not like high heels are freaking uncomfortable to stand in for any length of time.
Crazy to think how many more finds might be lingering out there somewhere being shaped for an amber pendant.
Sounds good to me.
they started creating necro in january (the latest), will be released late 2017.. at this pace, we will have another character in 2019..that is awesome
It's a good feeling, isn't it?
Well he's only in the friendzone because he's a nice guy!
How DARE people ask for evidence!
*boop*
agreed.
And then 41.3: Unless it's deflating footballs
We'll bang, ok?
but yeah, we are the ones being paid
On the Internet, everything is entry level and everyone is a professional at everything
No single agent will operate the same.
This is what happens when the Democratic Party dehumanizes their Republican opponents as evil racist bigots (they're not).
installing it rn :D
Our niceness will make you feel sorry :/
Daniel isn't going to do shit to Rosberg.
What?
Where have you lived in Germany and why did you leave?
On a related note, I think it's pretty fucked up that you have to sit through ads every other highlight even when you're a Gamecentre/NHLtv subscriber.
It seems as though Saban is losing control of this team.
Kurt CoBANG!
#Somebody please animate this and i'll give you succ
Special Ed team
what the fuck was that Jackson
On the downside he sounds like he gargles gravel and cigars every day
I have a set of George III Pennies and half Pennies I'm collecting and this one happens to be like THE penultimate example.
This is some fucked up Zootopia fanfiction.
5 blues and 15 commons
Everytime someone says "lit," I imagine them saying "groovy" instead.
It's a cool attachment, but after you get the one that lets you aim down sights quicker, I can't recall the name, and once you get a second slot put on tactikill.
hail Corp me, I had some issues with multiple licenses on origin and they gave me 4 more licences + dlc
I was commenting ahead of Jennings short yardage run.
Big if true
Whoosh
Looks like 24th to me
I'd laugh at Alex Jones more if there weren't so many people swallowing every bit of horseshit that comes out of his mouth as the word of fucking God
359 doesn't seem that minimal to me...
You know some pretty smart 5 year olds
Well, somebody has to represent those that oppose unreasonable mass migration numbers, and those immigrants that are really just moles tasked with molding Canada into a pale version of its former glory.
It looks amazing though ;(
I don't know he is a huge boston homer but I enjoyed his writing at ESPN.
yes exactly
This is all true (other than the "criminal enterprise" that might be overdoing it) but I'm not interested in who fucked over who I'm voting based who I think will do a better job in the White House despite my grudges against her campaign and the obvious corruption of the DNC
Tell him to go try that shit in the other Korea.
Oh no
As much as Mets fans miss Shea, I think we all pretty much agree that Citi is a great place to watch a ballgame.
That's a really big helmet
What are your stats if you refuse to change them?
Probably the dark lord Satan.
RIP free will.
How *dare* you bring up *opinions* in here?
Possibly, I feel like they laughed about it back and forth cause of how clever she is
much bigger screen and thus it looks great (having reasonably sized bezels)
Sorry posts can't be memes, gonna have to be removed
We're exporting Trump globally!
It should be Uke and Chip Caray for game 5 in the series.
What is your platform?
I didn't like the film because I spent most of it wondering how the machine worked, I was more interested in that.
Thank you
He's not perfect but he isn't as bad as people make him out to be.
ofc not, you are winning, making the enemies lose, thats being a asshole m8
PonPon should voice the skin.
Oh god that's pretty brilliant placement
Check Twitter, the salt is unreal lmao
I think you forgot the
Buff: Giant Doot Nerf: Valkyrie
might be more worthwhile to ride tyrod out to see if *he* is worth the option.
I'm taking my rubber ducky camo and finding people who like it!
this makes me remember when kanou released all his minions, there was a comment here that said "Your mistake was asuming I didn't had more naked men"
What about me ;-;
Considering both Zootopia and Dory are in the top 5 grossing movies of the year, I'm gonna say no on the box office angle.
TWW is *Literally* the next Half life 3.
Listen to daddy :D
i think they deleted the vod lol.
Iirc a good approximation is 1/Keys gotten and Then each premade gives 1-2% extra chance.
Because naive suckers will believe it.
What a good joke
But but to make edm all you need is to push buttons on a computer
It's been like this from the start, it just isn't showing on the map.
I mean, you don't know what's out there until it's pointed out and advertising does this excellently.
When the Secret Service tackled him, his supporters would claim Obama was trying to assassinate him.
Yeah, I would be, too!
From scratch will be cheaper and most likely taste better
It probably happens daily, if not hourly.
no, they annoy me.
MOTHERFUCKING JORDY NELSON AND AARON RODGERS FUCK YEAH
I wouldn't say by far, considering heroes like Tracer and McCree, and S76 post buff as well, but he's definitely up there
Quicky-bum Lunchtime
^ Extremely underrated comment.
UNUX
We're only 4 episodes in...
Vote Texas A&amp;M to ensure a win over Washington
Clearly he doesn't know how to handle his wiener when it's slippery.
Well we know where they ended up - Syria so yeah, mission accomplished
RiP for tho, but SAMURAI WORLD
20 bucks says this guy complains about "PC culture".
Umm who was talking smack in the game thread?
Yes... cost taxpayers, that pay a private prison for each individual (re: corporations), some also have deals to profit while paying inmates pennies on the hour for labor.
zoo-stoo zoo-poo-soo-soo
I want to drink with ^ this ^ guy!
How the fuck could thye have known he was serious.
Or is it a giant reptile on a people sized seat?
The Jews funded Chairman Mao's communist takeover.
Ayyy
The claw of Kazgaroth!
I'm confident they'll stop mopeds.
Does the spirit cooking have something to do with Arabs I don't understand
are all the exchange services up and running ?
Must........resist......preordering.......until.......I see.......more content
If Rasputin exists I wouldn't know whether to be scared or relieved
"Nerd In a Cool Kid's Body"
No idea, but she did get the ball rolling and help create the 911 Health and Compensation Act (program that funded healthcare for first responders and others who suffered long-lasting health problems related to 9/11).
Oh no, tourists have to pay more tax at hotels when they come to the city; what a travesty!
Your personal anecdotes completely invalidate the experiences of an entire category of people who are screaming at the top of their lungs for you to take those experiences seriously.
I take it this is online only?
Have a cookie.
oh look the muppets up north had a "vote"
Yep.
The Wikileaks - Trump - Putin triangle is holding strong.
Nah it'll be definitely be the other seagoat
the LAST thing we need the donald's supporters is have anything triggered
Oh shit, I wish I wondered what that "x" was for.
Can you imagine the salt if Alec Baldwin wins an Emmy for his portrayal of Trump over Trump as Trump?
tl;dr Hyuse no text wiped everyone Can't wait for him to join Tamakoma 2.
Good on ya, now go shred some pow and forget everything you learned this year!
You better have `-Os` in your CFLAGS and running `x86` in your `ACCEPT_KEYWORDS` or there's still unnecessary bloat on your system All those double-size pointers, soo much space wasted!
Pokemon running away after a *Berry into an Excellent Ultraball curved throw* is pretty much a Niantic middle finger to the player's face.
What does this have to do with neckbeards?
And the second only applies to middle class white people!
Broken arms kid 2.0
Having clean socks or dirty?
Right, the Bucs D is far better than Denver's
Gotta give it to him on the timing, dropping this shitty diss
Might be looking for a career counselor
wow very informative....
SO LETS JUST PRETEEEEEEND
Eeeeey
That's why, unless it is plainly obvious, this gets worked out in court.
My wishful thinking, That Texas faithless elector is trolling.
Only if people VOTE
It was 6 hours ago buddy.
Now I just need a 1TB phone
He'll likely miss a couple games and STILL end the season as the tackles leader.
just mute their tanks
is this the idiot you were telling me about?
first pic shows op moving clans AAAAHHHH WINTRADER
guys does anyone know how old Sam Bennett is, SportsNet never mentions it
bro.....
The Dems were once for the working people, no longer.
X
Not a Texans fan, so relevant username I guess.
Norm in Australia too.
You sound like you haven't *been* to high school yet.
Rip chestnut
PM
Shit ton of allies, including Kebab, reds, and other people
I'd like to see jerry jone's final form when you win a superbowl
can he do that though, he IS supported the liberals here.
no, Slink Johnson
What shoes are DLo wearing?
These dictators are always prepared to compromise the human rights of their opposition but never their own or the rights of their allies.
Also, if you put your tooth beneath your pillow, fairies will come
Man I forgot how dominant Final Boss was.
r/rule34, I guess?
Our third "aisle 3 baby" is about to be born, can we get someone to bring that birthing kit
I pretty much completely agree with all of that, now if only love were a completely rational thing...
'Yeah, but I wudn't over...'
even getting something like a snorlax or lapras with a shit ton of candy to power-up would be worthwhile
I think he'll still get a +2 upgrade minimum, can some Liverpool supporters confirm he's been good?
Fugazzi as fuck.
"You otter come over here and say that!"
Getting an early start for 2020
If Trump can't be on Twitter, no one can be on Twitter!
No, literally hold the phone, it's heading for the ground real fast
Reddit
But why?
Wut they fail
Anyhow, should this ever actually happen, let's ALL sign up as muslims on that one list so it becomes utterly useless!
An hour of stream showing off the beautiful (and super capable) Aurora
They've been running them long before the cold war ended.
Brings tears to the eye
Same here, it is great.
Ummm...ummm..labors debt...chaotic green labor coalition did lots of harm..umm
Pfft.
not from snowden's point of view
Only if their brains remain intact.
You fucking idiiiiioooootttt.
Rule 34
He doesn't cast aoe right away, and it can also be out ranged.
I'm pretty sure no one would procreate (willfully) with him
Where they not complaining the other day that there was not enough housing for the students?
Come on, that's just how the sausage is made, don't be naive!
Hey, don't be a bigot, words can hurt more than bombs!
"I don't smoke, mom!"
These pictures would need some diversity according to DICE.
Ohh, that's good one.
If you're working 4-10 hr days, you're not working overtime
Didn't challenge the flag challenged the ball being tipped
"But but but... The intrinsic value!"
The price.
Just neckshots.
Polar Bears, Grizzly Bears, Mountain Lions, Wolverines.. List goes on
Nobunaga is my guess
elemental hit has its use for ele wander elementalists to procc those - 25 resists... which is totally meta right now
Don't worry, they will refresh our memory when they show the Necromancer at next years Blizzcon.
Aren't you guys a super team?
I can't see pictures on that website mate.
There are hundred if types of concrete.... Some are pretty light, probably much lighter than a slate tile.
I too date people based on how much they cost me.
&lt;3 He looks so proud.
But I thought he doesn't defecate!
Est votre maman disponible pour le sexe?
He and I apparently have a lot in common!
Silver should have more players than higher ranks making matchmaking easier anyways?
share it!
Send me pics so I can confirm that what you said is true.
Yeah but if a computer starts showing you giant error messages and beeping like it's about to explode, it's easy to be scared into pressing a giant button on the keyboard
This is the one I was looking for
Speaking of coming to the end of a relationship, have you considered a new couch?
It's adorable!
Any trouble with water levels between Grizzard and the confluence?
Pretty interesting how he goes to hang out with Castro while throwing law enforcement under the bus in America everytime a black man is shot by them, but remains completely silent when officers are assassinated for no reason.
That's like saying the next World Cup should be basketball.
Please say
Ok who's puking?
No
Best case scenario: you get thrown out of the clinic for copulating on top of the 8-year-old Sports Illustrated magazines on that little low table in the middle of the waiting room.
He was the founding member of Team Tinker and DC and both of those worked out well.
Or, here's an alternative: He surrounded himself with talented people in spite of their former rivalries.
Reminds me of Viscera Cleanup Detail | Santa's rampage.
Do you understand what the phrase "written off" means?
Not a "fanboy" per say, but the final battle with time going backward was insane.
there's nothing like that feeling when you ~~hit the shots you need to make~~ tbag
No no you don't understand, very few are actually terrorists
Which is surprising because they have a considerably stronger defense these days than they have in recent years.
And it's their democratic right, no matter how much I disagree with their choice.
I'm not an economist but isn't the fact our money is now worth so much less in other countries a crisis?
I don't want your damn lemons
Said no one.
i look forward to playing it in 8 years
Not with his hip/hamstring problems
lol like he would know.
Or we can admit we won the popular vote and realize the system really is rigged.
Deleted scene from Starship Troopers?
See, Trump is creating jobs and he isn't even in office yet.
I was a huge fan of his heavy breathing.
Nothing tells me I'm going to make a good decision like knowing I'll have to immediately beg for mercy from God afterward.
So, the second American Civil War?
Is that the indian flag on it?
Actually, mine are rather cool most of the time but it really just depends on the temperature.
We should make it an amendment, or something!
That's Catalonia, without Catalonia
In 20 years he'll be the next Johnny Depp or Brad Pitt.
The main thing I'm getting out of it is getting rid of the gaslighting that has been done to me, in thinking that every single relationship issue I've ever had has been entirely my fault, and every woman I've ever dated is an angel and I was unworthy of her time.
Why am I not surprised
what is this happy shit is disney remaking the walking dead?
It just represents the story, i'd also recommend deleting this, your gonna get a storm of downvotes.
You sure you'll have time eating it when you'll be cheering every hr during every inning?
Good job Toronto, this is what happens when you act all PC principal and don't even bother screening your employees because 'racism'.
Is cigarette or pot smoke really going to set off the smoke detector?
I adjusted the colour to show the capillaries better and it changed the tint a little.
Morocco has been a US ally since 1870
All of them are old white guys, who'd have guessed that?
Hey can't you get both sides to vote for you if you say things that each side likes to hear?
Tbh... I just get drunk with them...
Elwood would have been proud.
Yes.
It's such a shame there aren't any other subreddits you could look at which you might find more appropriate to your tastes.
Usually.
Sounds about right against us
That's because all characters were meant to be black
You haven't got a square to spare?
GGs man, you guys played amazing.
Literally 0-1 sentences of text per slide.
You are in UK though, right?
In for nothing
Not at all what BPD or the MBTA spokesperson said on the news when I watched it earlier.
Ubuntu
you can even go there with a not lvl 80 guardian ans spam 1 as long as the zerg is big enough and you are in a squad you should get loot and events killstreak and other XP boosters should make leveling pretty ~~BORING!~~fast
Yeah I seriously doubt I could if it wasn't for autocorrect.
It can be problematic when you've drilled too much that your movements become second nature, where you don't think but just do.
I thought it was spelled char siu
First of all how dare you
Way to offend those Seattleites, guys.
Where?
Shhh, facts have no place in this election.
A lot of those moments were due to flubbed edgeguards it seemed.
But the SUV that caused this is still there though.
Got a link on that please?
Naomi must be pleased
Yes, for 20 more years from your current age, but over the span of eternity.
Missed a prime opportunity to use #MAClivesmatter.
Apologies, it's really hard to tell these days.
Don't think of it as removing privacy, think of it as adding security
And effectively gave himself pancreatic cancer in the process.
I think in order to help kids get engaged you have to try any and all methods.
Confirmed Mid Lulba (sumail got kicked for this hot potato)
I believe you missed my point.... Glad you think my opinions should be dictated by what OP is doing.
People use AOL?
Apparently I did need the
Italian jail: Radical!
Aerofly FS2 now has vive &amp; rift support, (on steam).
that was pretty dope lmao
Hear, hear!
Blondes are usually stupid.
It won't be biased at all......
Yes running composer update and deleting the lock file before a composer install will accomplish the same thing.
He didn't mind when they were signing up for Trump University or donating to the Trump Foundation and getting swindled, so I doubt it's that.
Ignoring the response to the report from the president and the senate.
Jon should've thought about this version of the story before trying to do it on the fly
the city won't allow it.
Fucking get off my lawn with this bullshit.
Why is he named Captain Boomerang if he doesn't throw boomerang's but he has a boomerang drone...WTF...smh.
Gary is there for you, the others aren't
he has 6goals and 1 assist so far and has been the main goalscoring threat (actually he s their topscorer) for malaga , i think he could have been a solid sub for suarez ,but lack of minutes in his development in his last year at barca and with munir being in better form made sandro not receive that many minutes, 2 seasons ago in the treble year he was actually pretty good scoring some decisive comeback goals
Yeah if you could not use a tragedy to push your politics that would great
And we were doing so great before that!
Oh, thanks for setting us straight, federalist.
Yeah because the FBI/CIA don't have better things to do than to DDoS the drudge report.
Bro's Anki deck?
How can our classes be real when our eyes aren't real
BecauSe.
Yup
I mean the CS pool turned green so there's that.
100% M E T A
I don't know what I expected
So ISIS, you mean.
Let's start your 101 Dutch course by ~~fingering a dyke~~ telling the whole world ~~the sea can go fuck itself~~ you like them and supply them with ~~drugs~~ delicious stroopwafels!
i got the bottled, its NOT GOOD, its like a 6 yard AoE you target on the ground, so unless everyone is touching butts, its not a very good trinket, naglfar or thruming is better.
"Bawahahaha" wtf
I want Michigan to be the #4 and get to meet Bama first.
I mean, it is instant karma, someone got **served**!
Rocky
same
Im willing to belive Jack over some random "hacker"
That's my daughter
Well yeah that too
Looks like something out of mirrors edge!
I mean it would be a great story line if they won it all this year but it would be a big story line if after the year they had they failed to win it all too.
relevant username
Ed Balls
Fellow Scouser.
Because we didn't forget the shenanigans that went down during the primary and refuse to vote for blatant corruption?
Don't you know America is the center of the world?
Karl and Friedrich's Communism
All the benefits of Phrenology but now we can blame computers for bias!
34 from CA, using the Droop Quota
Il
*"fails to meet the standards of ABC News,"* **TIL** It's possible to fail to meet standards that don't exist.
Wow, Sombra's so OP.
I hope the Russians and Chinese he's sharing the station with didn't influence his vote.
Sounds like Glenn Beck's time in a FEMA re-education camp worked wonders!
Wonka woo
Pretty sure I still don't give a shit about him anyway.
Ain't yo fault a mufucka cain't ack right in public.
No no, he cant die, not until the internet lets him die.
Have you played smite in the last 7 months
no one can accuse them of not being helpful... The religion of peace... That's such an oxymoron.
Too lazy to look 50k pixels to the left
What's your social security number
Wait, why would a gpu affect a website?
This does not answer the question in any way whatsoever.
The PS4 will be the de facto superior version moving forward, as it will get the 1.3 update which is a huge update to Terraria, while the PSV version will stay on 1.2.4.1.
I'm still confused about what the OP is saying, even with the revised format (bold lettering was just my little joke) From what I understand AP1 data can't just be ported over to AP2, because it is a new system that needs to be tested in shadow mode first.
Just get egm and Akke on og then you have all the important ones kappa.
Never short Hillary.
What themes might I ask?
That's the worst.
You know I never finished that TV series.
Ermahgerd your dog looks just like my dog!
Empanadas De lentejas O de arroz con jardinera
It's YouTube no legal obligation of censorship
That's because no one appreciates how good he is!
pretty much because he keeps himself in amazing shape
You better be 26+ to be calling me Youngblood my nigga
Welp, guess I'll have to mount it in tmpfs so it stays in RAM
Friends.
As a 52 year old, I feel like I do understand the hysteria around world ending climate change scenarios because I grew up with a constant hysteria around world ending nuclear war scenarios.
This guy knows how to /*party/*
Reddit doesn't down vote properly
He's the bush she's lying under.
He has yours yeezys
Vanilla Nordic Sword with fire enchantment.
"right under your noses"
Forget the river; we need to put it six feet deep.
Pretty sure that was sarcasm.
Rask looks hurt
I'd be happy to just not get punished somehow: 1) Return wallet found on street 2) Get accused of stealing said wallet, and potentially attacked.
And now you know how politics work.
lol no
She had the most people vote for her, but it was under 50% due to third party candidates taking ~4%
right, cant have 2 Stuarts
Hello, this is tech support (in Indian accent)
I do stutter in english, but my brain decided to use my native language to replace the stutter
I think you open the wrong software
I've never seen a deer so defeeted
0.1% chance... HERE COMES THE JOHNSON
If we would have just had the right pad level, Rodgers completes that deep ball to Jordy
Roadhog counters everyone.
Yes!
He definitely deserves the benefit of the doubt.
You
I just started getting into ifttt, so I'm not familiar with ghome integration yet, but could you not have ghome not say anything in response, and then say something as part of the then that part?
I wish cigarettes cost less than $10 here (legally)
I don't have friends, i main Hanzo.
Also the "I will kill you given half a chance look" Immediately cat
Polyamory is just not a thing that I, well, like.
I thought Germany was the EU.
Back before they had more than just the main channel they'd show curling over CL footy.
A lot of ppl I know who are obsessed with selfies are also raging narcissists
Thanks, *u/BradleyB636*
Killer
Experience and science rules.
It's called a magazine
She's clearly being paid off by the Clinton foundation to spread lies and smear Trump's name
The Milf is covering herself so that she doesn't embarrass him by showing she is bigger.
Right, but the Trump sign...
Because console to PC ports are always flawless and require very little work
Still waiting for the reddit post here
Because it's the highest end consumer GPU that's reasonably priced.
You're probably still better off just getting a ps2, and sticking with a ps3 slim, which are going to be more reliable down the line.
Striking fear into the hearts of thirsty children.
To be fair, if you made playoffs you were bound to play him eventually.
Hate to be picky as I agree with you, but 3,8mil miles isn't the same as 9,8mil km.
Step 1: Have income that exceeds expenditure Step 2: Invest surplus Step 3: Invest interest from invested surplus Step 4: Repeat
I noticed sometimes if you type an english letter at the start of the line and then say whatever you want in russian it doesnt get censored.
Hopefully a bunch of his students report him.
Getting therapy but I'm doing better since.
because he's the best player in the house
Attach something under your finger tip so it protects you from wear and tear of the nerve endings.
Good editing and its obvious you can aim, but it looks like most of the time you are just killing clueless noobs/potatos
Something tells me she's used to rejection.
You'd fit in well playing osrs
Kickers aren't flashy enough fuck em
Thread is really dead today
because every month someone reposts it for karma.
A true PC entusiast buys X series so you can wake up every day with a hard-on for your beastly overclock made possible by your hardline waterloop.
Clearly you hadn't quite made up your mind
or as someone on stream was saying, obviously paid by ggg because more viewer friendly mainstream haircut for a nice mainstream game am i right?
DYSTOPIAN
Best case scenario is Benning discovers time travel and we win 100 cups in a row.
Google: b4nny tf2 Btw he's a competitive player on the NA 6s team Froyotech
And he thought that was a good idea because?
that would complete 2016 as the worst year
One day we will get a 5 colour devoid Eldrazi or something.
Did enrolling in the beta program, downloading Nougat and unenrolling not work for your Nexus 6?
But Trump never lies!
No buddy, no tail here ;3
I mean it's r/cringeanarchy and furries are cringey as fuck
Oh sweet succulent karma....
And don't forget to vape
They're the reason you can be so ignorant in your little safe home.
After the rework when they changed how tower damage was calculated, there was what I assume to be a bug where she could three shot the tower.
Lol, you forgot the
Yeah, they don't even know what 'consult' means.
What part of that is awesome?
Tag it serious!
im talking more about binge watching hours and hours just because you have nothing to do, instead of doing something else that could help you.
Rat IRL true mvp
She was never happier than when someone felt terrible, never met anyone like it.
'Tis the night before christmas.
Because tipping is stupid
Thought I was watching MGS3 for a second.
Yes, made.
What do you mean by fake motivation?
That made for an interesting read...
Lets not forget driveclub VR.
I hate militant atheists and pushy Catholics with an equal amount of detestment.
Comey
There is only one time I have wanted to live in America more than this
I know it wasn't before season 4, used to redpot all in with Riven a lot, but I was assuming we were talking about actual options.
The impotent ramblings of an angry child
Make love man not war
Not a lot of people agree with me, but I actually really liked Garrus.
Its only moving balls practic
Also at ladybower in Derbyshire
Yeah, some will point out that some former Warsaw Pact nations have prohibitions on that kind of imagery the same way other nations are touchy about the Swastika, but it's typically not the same level of concern.
We shouldn't sweep the other word under the carpet here, which might be the most elegant word in german - "Kartoffel".
We won?
Hes got so much potential!
im like lvl 87 and up to chapter 8, i have done every side mission possible and dungeon that i can so far, currently working my way through hunts too finish them off.
I swear catcam wrote and/or writes all of the material, he's just so much more witty than kacey
According to my Facebook feed, in the olden days, the cops were rarely called to schools to handle disciplinary issues and they all turned out just fine.
But wouldn't he be required to answer any questions that fall within the realm of his immunity deal?
HE'S A HUNGRY MAN
Well force feeding to heal would be super overpowered if you didn't have to select new stacks every 10 seconds.
Fedorov absolutely
Isn't that what an interim is?
There's much, much worse.
Things?
but are you into Alex19 types or m2k types
Had I been the one scoring I may have been over exuberant, we need an exuberance meter!
Next joke please
That sounded way too hard
Source?
makes fans happy without cutting corners All the evidence you need is the highlight reel of the 2016 Hall of Fame preseason game... Oh wait
Yay!
Yea I could see her going with Garland, and her second pick could be more liberal.
I hope we win this over Planet Coaster.
What?
Better get it to the top
holy shit all my wasted reports
paper, pencil... and eraser
And that the owner of the twin towers made off with $12 billion in insurance when the towers got demolished.
shoutout to the dude in a Tuukka Rask Bruins jersey
Because maybe the US doesn't have control over UK bail-skipping charges, or Swedish sexual assault arrest warrants?
Whip it out, you beauties.
I saw them live and honestly they weren't a ton better.
Seconds are metric.
The Chronicles of Amber by Roger Zelazny
Username checks out.
We wanted to join before 77 but a certain backstabbing Frenchman wouldn't have it
I think someone married a Count, and continuously referred to themselves as a Countess, but I don't remember it well.
Im curious as well
Your'e *
Glad to see Seth Rogan stepping far outside his comfort zone with this film.
Caregiver at an assisted living facility.
Go to r/orangebeauty then
VOTE FOR DOGGO 2K17
sick burn
GOOD AFTERNOON NASTY WOMEN AND BAD HOMBRES MAKE THIS HAPPEN &lt;3
Linux version of Doom coming?
This is how it will go, universal income is a fairy tale that will never come true.
He might just be licking her face...
Why would you assume it's TPU?
What a shitshow.
Everything my account renews I think I'm gonna go back
God damn I love that song
F2 won in a landslide victory as Kronovi's mountain collapsed in the background
Yes, but they'd still be extraordinarily wealthy compared to us today if they own any part of the means of production (robots &amp; automation).
ugh...what an irredeemable creep.
The end result is most often going to elevate their loneliness, so it makes sense either way!
I want Superman to be the face of the group but Batman is the leader in terms of in action like Superman is the symbol of peace and the guy in the middle
If that's their excuse, it is perfectly reasonable to diss their shitty food that they couldn't give enough of a fuck about, spend your money elsewhere, and enjoy watching their shitty restaurant flounder and close after taking up a perfectly good storefront for a year and a half.
No, where did you see Japan
So what your saying is that you think he is being paid to vote a certain way.
Sooo, you havent travelled much.
Pretty sure this is Wyoming, nice try OP
Cuz he's going to MaKe AmERIcA GR8 AgaIN
Very true!
You mean ectomorphs?
So even if my expenses are higher and I can't afford a potential +$100 increase/month?
Your mental gymnastics are incredible.
Considering Denver got 14 points off interceptions, Broncos didn't beat us; we beat ourselves.
Is there a sub for retarded cats?
Red head with freckles cannot be beat
I wish, but our schedule is still ridiculous
When everyone leaves me the hell alone
The Dickth Dimension
How's the dental practice?
yea because the haircut is the worst of his problems.....
Completely irrelevant to the sub, but nice try.
well, he did manage to get to the White House and her ticket didn't, so he at least has that on her.
exactly...if you ask questions they will just say you did drugs too and kill you.
its ok, Trump has pissed off the Filipinos recently too!
Yeah, vandalizing a war memorial for honourable dead will help the cause
Yeah VA NC NH FL MI
Then you're just trying to find excuses not to buy it.
*Is Is Baby* *^Kaboom, ^Kaboom*
I was hoping for a before picture
Hey, now... Some of us in the rural population vote blue.
You can't win the race on lap 1, but people sure love trying for some dumbass reason.
That looks like heaven to me!
weapon hate is the only hate in hearthstone thats good even though theres no sideboards.
Yeah its about the middle class, how to fuck them over
I voted!
Unless I'm missing something Monarchs don't really have a way to go Rank 7 effectively.
Thousand-Eyes Restrict.
If you sign a contract with a gun to your head would you say that the contract is still valid?
Breaking News: Judge rules against Trump- CNN
I wouldn't say easiest... But 50 yards are much more doable
How do the individual points, the "assault" and "defense" scores, get tallied?
Still get the same fps as you do on normal settings
What
While we're at it lets make worlds only for Koreans
He's a populist that breaks rank with many fiscal conservative policies such as being for eminent domain, against free trade, and whatnot.
Spent a moment wondering who Frank was and why he had to get into horror animation without any fanfare.
Yep and she's being attacked for daring to challenge the MSM
Pulse, Stress, and then Dom will make a guest appearance
So much accumulated hatred...
Because stereotypes!
Now you have the curved screen you always wanted
Exercise is like a miracle drug.
Medcalf isn't exactly know for writing "out of the box" type articles
50 Ultra Balls
TIL people didn't play Spartan Ops.
Just to add Pence was on Foreign Affairs/International Relations committee in the House from 2003-2013 before he was governor, I think he has a bit more experience in NSC related ways than the rest at least.
If I would've taken his advice I wouldn't have slept the last month.
those credit costs tho
He geocrashed.
#VOTERFRAUD Obligatory
Well, now I can feel extremely confident in the knowledge that even though I'm not a native speaker, my English vocabulary very likely exceeds that of the most powerful man on the planet.
Dunning-Kruger effect?
There was a camera when I got my colonoscopy.
When did Obama acted like a whiny bitch?
He is, it says in the credits.
FINALLY
Same for me but probably will take a few hours for things to settle.
## CNN BREAKING NEWS: Racist guerrilla journalist denies free room and board for mentally illl and homeless people!
That's a great idea.
I want Snoop Dogg for president, so I wrote him in.
"Trump will never be president"
Lol...I liked that they prepared for people to say that to AEDEN.
Yeah, it's frustrating, haha.
Because I suck, I go criticize other's works elsewhere.
Witch mercy
Don't most animals walk just on their toes---like what we think of as our ankles are their knees?
This is not true.
That's sexy.
When you find that one hairdresser you pray you can stay with them forever.
People really think this, like....without the
America is an (entertaining) mess.
He's a self described socialist.
I thought it was Magic Man and El Diablo
Me descubriste.
Yeah but what about advanced stats, all that matters now
"Wanna make some mudbloods together?"
If thats what it takes, the public will benefit in the long run.
fuck the NSA
God bless Obama if he was
And women are mostly whores.
OP said fuel efficiency, not thermal efficiency.
Yeah Lutris.
Who's your provider?
I completely agree, but based on her comments it sounds like OP isn't willing to just throw in the towel.
Yeah I figured, what'd you end up getting for them?
The m95 does that in real life.
That would just make my day.
wtf are you asking?
Was wondering the same thing
First county reporting early voting in FL: Trump 65%
I actually think the sword is the worst part, looks absolutely awful IMO
He has to watch his pennies 'ya know
Check with Trump scientists - global warming is a plot by the Dems to scare us.
It depends on the material and what happened to it.
Fuck you for being on your phone instead of paying attention to the road.
I think he would respect that.
#AYES HAVE IT
Greatest Of All Time
Don't tell me what to do.
Just... Why?
...from the intersection.
So they were offended because you were fallowing the law ?
Why would you talk about dominance?
yeah i recognize him 100%.
He had more than enough distance too
They added more achievements a few updates ago.
Isn't that the fear of Greek Yogurt?
Fuck if I know
At this point I just leave their games, not worth the trouble
Ask her for her price list
I am her landlord.
So you want to remove the only price control measures and ruin insurance for everyone because you're mad your kids are expensive?
seangares; " Richard Lewis Help, please"
Cape thing though
That's a ballsy bet you made
The fact that some people deserve to fail
Nice find OP.
Get a tortoise.
Big moments tend to reach front page within 12 hours of that show airing.
My mom made my sister and I wear a stuffed crab on a ribbon around our necks when we were being crabby.
Sorry if this is OT, but how come when we are sick, we say that we are "burning up", but when your house catches fire, it "burns down"?
Check 2k13 or 2k14 info, the badges were called signature skills and they had descriptions and everything if I remember correctly.
Lester many times tried debating Trump.
Well I lived in Nunavut for several years..
They don't though.
1,492,226 So much anticipation
Durarara!
Lets not go into podesta territory
how do you know if it resets or nah...
And that was AFTER they tried to poison him, but he simply willed the poison out of his system.
I don't see the problem
Some people aren't quite grasping the Fact that half KC can't see the game.
I pay snails to kill people.
What feminist invented chivalry?
I'm sure he purposely injured himself
I'm just hoping the dog bone is a cake for the dog.
Well they can but they're harder to intentionally skew
Haha, easterners... Out west it's only regular coat and room temperature drink weather.
The reason mandate is being discussed here is because Republicans since the election have been using that word.
Sounds like you just have air in there.
Please serve justice.
Then probably not Kerala but maybe mumbai.
they fixed this with a patch a couple hours ago.
#Praise KEK
It is a mystery
I look forward to the results of the investigation when they are announced mid-January
H.R.6792 - Veterans Physical Therapy Services Improvement Act of 2008 110th Congress (2007-2008) Maybe a rider?
Definitely memes
That's Kilowog in the background.
Which is why I'm voting for Hillary even though she sucks.
Augustin looks promising.
Everyone already beat me to the aquarium jokes, so I will just say your grandmother is awesome and that looks great!
I don't have an ankle thing.
You know there is a considerable difference in necessary bandwidth, right?
Splinter cell
What the fuck did you say that to me etc etc
Her ceiling as far as acting goes is WWE.
We should call it the regulated news
He is doing better than some drivers in the states and paying more attention to the road than many drivers in the states
Yea and that's hard for *everything*.
But it was her turnnnnn
I'd vote for her.
No, I have never heard of Finland, their border or history.
Because she's a petty person who can't believe her life's ambition was snatched from her yet again.
not even a nose exhale
I really hate it when people let their stupid out to play.
Bhai phir comment khaye kar Raha hai
That last one definitely gave me nightmares.
Please, you people are the ones being smug fucking dickheads, brigading and preaching about how morally superior you are.
AND THERE IT IS
my question is where is duke
forgot the
wew lad
I loved dragon lance, but i cant remember much of the lore, thats a cool tidbit i dont think i ever picked up
She's got too much sense for that... :P
Will he release his private Wu-Tang album now?
I'm assuming you use the beasts statistics, including its proficiencies.
The word "trigger" triggers me.
The fact that someone will pay 1 year's rent on a card is still something.
OMGDJFD you are literally Hitler.. Stop assuming my gender
When he made the remark about his temperament the mic seemed to work fine.
Maybe Germany?
I think you forgot the
Well, at least the DNC came out on top of that battle... How nice for them.
IDK, Its like america flipped a switch last night.
republicans shit on their grassroots that cycle, democrats didn't a bit of the reverse this time around
It's well known that the best way to fix something you don't like in a democratic society is to refuse to take any further part in it.
so basically only solo masturbation vids aren't gay.
So do you recursively keep playing cards to fill the blanks?
But the bully who pretends to be your friend but is actually making sure you will be so dependent on him you can't say no to everything he tells you without suffering the consequences is just as evil as the bully who straight up fights you, if not more.
Better safe than sorry I suppose.
Heard of whipits?
Thanks!
Is this the answer for Trump's victory?
Pretty sure that isn't an iPhone.
Trump so bad, any text about him should automatically turn into comic sans.
Year One, The Long Halloween, and The Court of Owls.
It makes a big difference when you misquote something.
It's the fourth quarter, so yes.
Clearly a newfag.
He's gonna destroy her.
dont know why people bother making these huge rework suggestions that have clearly taken a lot of time to write, only to post it on reddit and then have no one (especially riot) ever read it
I think you are misjudging how many people would love to see Hillary lose.
Looks like a husky
He isn't but this would be a really cool twist and setup for the sequel book.
Yeah just like Obama closed guantanamo
It's always the person "you have nothing to be concerned about" Always.
His name is Robert Paulson.
Maybe the whole Tim Caine/DWS DNC chair issue was just a coincidence.
Why arent you excited to see ads?
I'm opening the bidding for marriage into Australia at 40k, in case any y'all ladies want to get out of the country
Maybe he will give our country the gay conversion therapy it needs.
Our borders will be shut nice 'n tight, I fail to see how that's our problem.
"We may be murderers, but at least we aren't thieves."
As a meth-head I'd like to know where this is so I can steal it and sell it for scrap metal.
Yes they're amazing, these are ally favorite pokemon, funny enough
And yet I keep getting told inflation and devaluation isn't a thing to worry about.
My thoughts exactly.
or skips both of you
Wrote ya
Yes but this isn't around the world, its narrowed down to a single country :P
Yeah, because Trump has historically been a friend of the poor...
BJJ = Brazillian Jiu Jitsu since we're speaking to non-MMA fans.
I thought blue collar workers in the flyover states don't have jobs and that is why they voted for trump?
no, its the guy that recorded that Tool album, Undertow
Somebody call that Deare guy!
they would have to get in a chain otherwise they wouldn't each still be virgins after the first goround.
you mean just slowly strumming bar chords?
...but but but I NEED my refrigerator to be on wifi and have access to my gmail!
Trump can't get impeached before he takes the oath.
Fall in line sheep, the media will tell us what to rage about.
Appreciate the effort.
If there's ever been a reason to jump it's hiring Will Muschamp as your head coach.
What do you think it is?
Flawless logic.
Purtroppo siamo in un paese civile
they aint the ones sending people to die Vietnam, Iraq, Libya, etc even though they never attacked us
what did I just read?
Well shit, TIL.
one can't have, too many, commas.
That helps.
"Thanks"
\ before the \#
No no since HTC manufactured it, we need to blame them
same!
Being the first progressive president
You could just switch to whatever weapon you consider is OP to even the scale.
thanks!
JingWei,Fafnir,Scylla
Poep :)
I'd like a breakaway power cable where the magnetic attachment is in the cable itself - like a wired X-box controller.
Still fun af tho
Dat racquet head speed.
I regret nothing.
How about putting the phone down while you eat dinner?
You suck the stem cells out to repair your body.
I wonder how many young women lost their virginity in the front seat of that car?
Crooks recognize crooks
I thought they were able to open only two doors, because they didn't live in a sedan
So much emotion, it's like she can barely contain herself.
Indeed, I believe in this particular instance it was a Michael Moore documentary as well, and everyone knows his pieces contain nothing but the facts.
solid
Another 15 year old "expert" just what every family needs.
Debug it while its running in VS and pause it when it seems unresponsive, see what its idling on.
hahahaha I want a bumper sticker that says "your fauxgina smells like a gym bag" :D
Soooo progressive, you guys.
Your first 8 words are spot on, the rest is biased, partisan hack drivel.
See, I wouldn't know, because I've always been too lazy to clone my drive.
No security, access-list with MAC
I hope you still logged the whole thing, just to be safe.
Making fun of someone is not supportive criticism.
Is dude a white male :p I'm just dying to know who else would think "persecution" means being told that you're ignorant or uneducated or that your opinion could be *gasp* wrong.
To be honest, during busy season, I'd recommend not leaving early in general, regardless of how many hours you put in the other days.
Trump truly is the face of the anti-corporate thinking in America.
Democrats have you healthcare, the bastards!
It was democrats who saw Trump saying he's got the D, and they mistook it for being democrat
Lol that's nothing, that asshole Cauis Cussades or sum shit like that who gives you the first main story quests (same guy who will kill you if you accidentally take a fork), will just stand there when the assasin comes visit you when you sleep.
It was, like, 20 feet away...
Rip bank account
That's always my question - who is this fat fuck to tell anyone else to lose weight?
I meant if Killary won.
The only way Trump has a chance at getting this country to work together is if he unites Republicans and Democrats alike against him, which he is really doing an excellent job of so far.
BUILD A WALL
Yeah D&amp;C is the best Amnesiac song it's just so good.
Hilarious.
Thanks, I try.
"Civil War".
So.. the SAA?
What does raving have to do with this?
I don't think that they're necessarily on his *side*, they're just Republican, at least from what I've seen.
Nope; I live in Virginia.
Some of the campaign mailings are directed according to how you are registered, D, I, R, G, etc.
Yeah, third party totally stood a chance.
Nah, I'm a survivalist expert and you can definitely make a strong knife out of limestone, sandstone or granite.
These puns are stewing my blood to a boil.
You get no rewards for preseason.
I got very confused about which subreddit I was in for a moment just there.
Ya I know its childish, but me realizing how dumb I was being made me feel better then the negativity from frustration
Then why just not have the electrician watch the video?
It's called "making America great again" you elitist.
The poor Cardinals already didn't make the playoffs last year for the first time in forever, have mercy
Between bouts of self fellatio the editors are calling each other to congratulate themselves on promoting Trump as the new KKK for ad clicks while giving fuckheads like David Duke air time to promote their views and radicalize people into being the actual new KKK.
I just realized that, whoops Thanks Obama!
You'll have to read between the lines, mate.
Big if true.
THIS CAR IS NOT STOCK IT IS SHITTY
Couldn't wait to see this comment.
forgot the
Sounds like something a Trump supporter would say.
Yes because gaming language doesn't perpetuate homophobia at all
A quad DAC, 5.x" screen, 6 months until it stays bootlooping...
No, I try not to read propaganda.
Yeah because my rank is totally a magic point system like on Reddit and Imgur, it has nothing to do with the caliber of players I will be forced to play with, nor the character of these players.
The Hong Kongese were going to vote for the wrong candidate so China is completely in the right
This poll is not a response to what I said unless you read it to mean that the MP is *probably* an anti-Semite because he is a Muslim.
riot would have to make it a best of 7 or 9 tho so we don't get 30min delay between each stomp like in s3
I hate 2016
lol I think someone else also posted the lore, so we have 3 copies on hand just in case!
To try (and fail) to counter vayne
I always rush RoA.. and I have been for the last 2 months or so
They all want to go to Canada, so you'll be fine.
COPD, unfortunately.
i havent even seen it, but in context - his was against Chelsea, ours was against depleted 10 man Hull
the same ones, the hipsters love that old stuff
They've got the "right stuff"
I'm sure they'll cave in immediately.
CNN telling people it was illegal to go on wikileaks to read the leaked emails was the highlight of my week.
How about everyone shuts up and pass the damn turkey.
Yeah, I don't see Trump News going for more than a couple years at most.
Racism
When she's 10 feet tall
She's wayyyyy too cute.
Tell that to the ddos attack your toaster just participated in!
Right now -- 2 cars, with both of us (mom &amp; dad) using them both during the week.
i. cried
What Twits have made this decision?
I agree with the other guy, especially with KC DEFENSE.
0.5
Well I had to wait quite a while too, just do it a second time.
Talamom
The mod are not getting paid to ban people that oppose the queen.
Who is this...North Korea?
Idk maybe do like an MMF triad where the woman is asexual?
yeah, its sad but $400 is pocket change to some people
But her dad made curtains, she's totally relatable
meme_ftf
Meeting my ship in the gulf (with friends).
I agree, both socialism and capitalism in it's purest form is a disaster.
With so many other reposting bots flooding this site, is it really best to simply ignore them as they drown out content from real users?
Do you enjoy dodging stray bullet when you go out at night ?
Just pointing out the joke, which is that the stereotype is that veganism "defines" the person so they feel the need to grow it out there immediately and without context.
KKK brain - like 'you must be this high to take this ride'... etc.
Some union city worker is going to be so pissed off doing his job and earing some money tomorrow cleaning this off.
There was one but they could no longer take the beatings.
Damn, PG in Boston would probably make them better than the Cavs
Browns confirmed lose superbowl in 3-1
What's the white in the middle, pakistani?
Maybe I am missing it, but can you not vote submit a game for multiple categories?
Batteries happen to be the bottleneck for renewable energy sources as well.
Well, there was that one time we elected an actor, so there's something of a precedent.
You were calling for this before your candidate lost the election, too, right?
Goodbye.
Build a wall.
When a front page post that basically says "vote Hillary" is at the top of the subreddit, you know we're impossible!
The bible -- checkmate atheists!
Found the wedding photographer
I'm guessing DOZER was already played and there wasn't room at the end.
my dad used to wear glasses like that and sport a mullet
I guess Pence was just a PR stunt
Audiences clearly hated Wallace and Grommet and the Nightmare Before Christmas
I'm sure that they will just as much as any other republican has..
ONE OF THEM DID!
Tell 'em to keep bringing the salt
illegal immigrant let companies do illegal things, but hey, it's cheaper for consumers, so we should be all for it.
Can someone please make a remix of this with the sound bites of Trump saying "bing bong"
*^V f
but 2 winstons isn't cheesy at all
I love getting my weed from cartels
people wanted to "tear down the system" but still voted in all the same congress men and women that are the biggest problem they did fuck all voting for trump and not voting out congress.
Pro players always use low sensitivity for increased accuracy
I am rereading it and where did you say that?
Mines a bit dusty too!
What, you'd rather have Steve Bannon?
If heaven existed on earth, then we wouldn't have our free will.
Is it possible other creatures on earth do similar dissipations, but the bottom of the ocean is so dark that any amount of light is more visible?
That's because Orange is closer to Yellow, Brown, and Black than White!
Just grabbed Watkins off waivers, got him for 3$ FAAB lol could be a game changer in a couple weeks
Stick them in a small box, they'll be fine
Saved you having to uninstall it.
Totally
Kodos is the Death process
Then what state do you think they are from that could sound like that.
All these AV, battery and memory saving apps are BS and do you no good.
whats aspect ratio
But in the end they were just plants in vibrating pods :/
You know your party is in deep shit when...
Florida is America's Australia confirmed
0/10 Doesn't look like houston
iirc 12 6 -2 2 could be 5 glide, don't have mine nearby
18 for most 21 if you were in college I believe.
I only came to this sub to see if I was the only person that disliked her lol
It's actually right after in the jumping part on the way to Atheon.
That gotta be metric shit ton of gold...
I imagine a lot of people would answer "a bidet".
I've been buying classic packs with all my gold thinking of the expiring pity timer (like, 10 this week alone if not more), so in the bundle I got Hogger, and the only epic was Ancient of Lore, so you're not alone.
I could live on just eating Biltong
Hey man, if the goal is to get kills, you've got a nice loadout to get kills quick
I wrote this from the bottom of my heart
Man I could go for some sauerkraut with apples.
German citizen... And "I voted" flair He obviously knows what's up
He's probably going to put Peter Theil on his cabinet who is gay.
American pizza usually describes a fattening pizza, weirdly enough when I went to Italy on holiday (from Ireland btw) the pizza wasn't as fattening as American brands we have in Ireland
Car friend!
Something something deep space radar telemetry
This Link is a boy, apparently.
Sorry, I don' get it, what happened?
You're someone who can get things *done*.
Without nukes we stand no chance against Russia Immigration is irrelevant in this context
k
Oui mais pense aux emplois !
Just waiting for some Chinese/Russian govt backed hacker team to steal the tech.
And the question is, who is the dad?
They sort of did... The Canadian Prime Minister, but he was fucked-to-death by Mr Garrison.
Let me know when a comedy central roast is something a Presidential candidate needs on their CV.
Wow, what an informative and enlightening perspective, really made me question my previous statement.
At least prisons have better healthcare than what I'm getting now
As long as there are people like Trump to make fun of, it won't get cancelled.
To be fair, a big part of how he reduced unemployment was by not counting people who's stopped looking for work as unemployed.
Read askwomen threads ( Ik girls on reddit could be completely different to irl) most say they like slim guys with athletic build, not meatheads
Fox interviewer
For them to buy the robot to do it for them!
Norwegian here, police are not like that at all here, we have mutual respect.
Am I the only one who pronounce it as "bu-yoy"?
Interestingly there's a few studies that suggest happiness peaks at the point where money isn't a struggle day to day, and begins to decrease at higher salaries on average
Yeah because you can see every single continent at the same time in space
In my opinion, "Murder Was the Case" is the best solo Snoop song.
Goodbye
ion hazzikostas standing next to me as we speak
I don't think the expectation is that the important issues are covered (sometimes solely) via comedy..
The Twitter replies from those sympathizers are cancer
Actually I think the turrets will start healing you right after you've placed them, even if they're still deploying.
Except when you're trying to establish a baseline, saying you've sold at least X number is useful whereas your example is not useful.
So... Rumi confirmed cold hearted BO assassin, then ;)
I know the feeling of ability based tower killers xD
Shaq's cryin face over MJ's
Btw, in the show too, Joffrey asked the singer if he preffered his arms or his tongue.
Kendall Wright too
Must be the racist latinos.
Mine looks clean up until the flash on my phone.
Detonate a weapon of ass destruction.
lol my post was clearly
Rob Kelley in FA
then his title should say so, people would probably think that riot will never add it then so it is misleading
Well the image on the sidebar was a poorly photoshopped Obama in "terrorist" garb.
Sure they could do it accidentally
Your right, if I didn't receive the product I payed for, I'd just forget about it too and never log on to my account again
Or maybe you're just fucking wrong lol imagine that
Why not though?
Happy Cake Day!
Nice try, FBI.
We can only assume so
Man I'm so old my first thought was Marathon's first mission instead of Halo.
I think the obvious solution to this problem is that Blizzard should start announcing it in advance when they plan on tracking and banning botters.
Stay classy Philly
we'll meet again in a Rose bowl game someday ;)
Yeah because they have our best interests at heart, really good guy that Vladimir Putin.
Yeah, but Cliff Pu is a pretty shit-tier player.
Very cool, do you have more models than what you've shown here or do you play small games, it looks like you have a lot of really cool small forces here.
Static Shock was the shit.
Aaaaaaaaand i'm on that fucking wiki again
Keep telling yourself that.
Woah, upvoted just because thumbnail
For refusing to endorse a man that clearly goes against his values and policies?
party time, excellent ftfy
Cool good to hear hopefully I find out first hand a bit later tonight about the LL increase.
Cucumbers are just watermelons without the sweet part anyway.
That's the entire reason 80% of the people on the ladder play.
Whats that 1 guy doing in the street.
hate crimes against trump supporters are now happening not against the LGBTQ+ community.
Here, you dropped this:
"Jumping backwards"
Under budget and ahead of schedule
I read that "NASA Budget" and was thinking how much more are they going to cut from that poor guy's share!
So it changes flavors every 30 seconds or something like that?
The bell rang though
Yes but he backed up his claim with facts.
Nah, I thought they just rocketed out of the fire-house and surprise-attacked planes as they left.
Probably true, but in terms of climate change and natural resource use I think we are far into overshoot at this point so I have given up trying to convert people.
I don't see any vector spaces...guess male mathematicians are all secretly genderless aliens or something.
"Oh, great, we just summoned Satan Simulator 2016..."
Back in?
Neither have I, but those that do have problems won't believe us.
Wow 2018?
Hawt
I'm trying to build a Commander deck with exclusively Kaladesh and Aether Revolt cards.
But if we cooled it it would be .00005 millimeters thicker
K, never knew who this was, so consider her boycotted
maybe it was to distract us from pizzagate
Calm down Leeaboo
Congratulations dickass!
Any particular breed(s) you're looking for?
Underworld... .... dat latex
you missed the
Word.
its OK i downvoted myself
That would mean Reddit gives a fuck.
Well how's the wife holding up?
He said that half the people at the tech crunch would be rooted/jailbroken, not that half of all mobile users are.
The font on that article is dreadful
3 years in a row.
Praise BoB!
Thats because the white people go to the catholic school down the roa
It's gonna depend on your other options, but I'd say he's absolutely worth a bench spot this week to see if he really is his favorite target.
That is mostly because in these corporate environments, evaluations and promotions are measured by how many projects or initiatives one completes, and whether they are completed on time and within budget.
Jij ook
You're probably right
Yes, all Heat fans think that.
Probably your pc if you are on pc, my 970 caused long loading times and my friend's potato pc had this problem.
Or the dankness?
any type of natural dip
The carrying case he was using was a half dead rabbit.
Ya, like i said, you're full of shit since 99% of all other goods you use are imported, included a lot of the food you eat.
Check your sarcasm detector
If born at all.
Obviously that's terrible, but didn't those guys kill as many people as there are in Cuba?
Without the speed.
"PIG, grab M'Dick!!"
It would be a very nice change indeed, especially considering Spiderman villain's lifespans generally don't last more than a movie.
I have double vision permenatly, even with one eye closed i still see double.
Its Warren time you sexist pig!
Yeah but if you install the sign in application for Snapchat, then install snap plus with the duplicate option, it doesn't overwrite the sign in one that automatically signs you in.
Apparently it's a contract with the NHS that has them tied into it.
Another week of waiting on Late Night Party
Absolutely.
Kinda like Erik Karlsson
Hmm, I wonder if this works on real lesbians.
Damn TFWs..
The Inuit would lose cities to Korea in that scenario.
It's not, but I don't have any sort of mental issue that could be diagnosed, I just happen to be soooo unbelievably hot that two guys want me at the same time
I don't know where a lot of the players reside but I would imagine most of the team isn't from Texas which makes it weird to me now that I think about it.
Or even attempt to be qualified for anything other than a mc-walmart job - you lowly elitist fuckhead.
so hillary should be president of california!
That's strange, I'm only seeing white and gold colors.
Males require a larger calorie intake.
What does this have to do with The US Border Agency and INS?
Its not over, so they will have a bunch up when the Don is done speaking
I could never seriously join PSG just based on their name.
Worldwide leader in sports
So why cant the current owner of twitter just monotize Twitter now?
Me
Not really just pointing out the obvious for the mentally challenged.
Well the tower of memory only lasts for 3 weeks which kinda indicates to me that there is a halloween event
Careful you sassenach.
Does it fit on a small pad?
I think that most of the world's population can trace back their ancestry to him proves otherwise.
I don't see the need but I'll still watch
I would just restart a new character.
Lil jimmy halpert, sports writer
just a 50 lb backpack keeping them down.
I'm sure they were just a bunch of pro-Trump LGBT peeps who saw Milo do the same thing and are protesting liberalism and are thus totally validated in their actions and so are not committing a hate crime because they feel empowered by their xenophobic candidate winning the election.
Because that isn't waaay too slow at all
Revolution might start at the bathroom mirror.
Did this guy just doubt CNN?
...tiny, drunk people that will use every opportunity they can to commit suicide.
Fuck... run youtube with locked screen then its done.
he can't win, and has no experience.
Jesus Christ dude.
Just checking, because I'm thinking I've been reading my bible incorrectly if this is THE issue I should be voting on
Can confirm.
A lot of the gun charges are bullshit, considering they often occur in cities that basically ban unconnected people from lawfully protecting themselves.
they're *brave* visionaries, and dont forget it
When did Team Fortress 2 get put on Origin?
We know exactly where they were: bird-dogging a Trump rally.
Did you ever find out how the cousin knew about you and why she helped?
Yep, repentance 101 must be passed before forgiveness 102 can be registered for
Guys....Illuminati already got to Trump.
Even if you break them off sometimes...
That's right because no one ever votes based on policies or issues.
Well, they made an uneducated and foolish choice.
Last book: Ender's Game Last show: Family Guy Will have to go with the book.
Can you eli5 the vepr import what have you?
I was born on Halloween, so it's probably my birth, dressed in blood and animotic fluid, as a disappointment to my family.
All with the power of DDP YOGA and if you want to try DDP YOGA, be sure to put in the promo code Jericho!
Silences destroy any assassin that isn't Yi
They figured out they could still get people to buy it.
Thanks to the purple shirt guy!
If you're living in the north, you can go to Haifa, there are plenty of churches there where Christmas is celebrated.
I'll let God sort that out.
Matthew Mercer as McCree?
They're stealing all the sunlight!
Yes, Petra!
He needs to apologize
No worries, there is a healthy population of atheists over on the exmo sub, and I think a couple of the exjws who hang there are also atheists.
Alola
Stop!
What?
Faker has a more real, more tangible/verifiable, effect on our lives than any god of the traditional religions
If you have an MMO mouse like the G600, it's technically possible to play an FPS (and most other games) without ever touching the keyboard.
Sure we'll take Crowder/Jerebko/Young and 2 second rounders
That's what I've been told by a LEO, take it or leave it, but it's pretty evident.
They seem to feel threatened, like you are presenting yourself as better / holier than them and they have to reassure themselves that you're not by mocking you with your "failing".
Yup!
;)
Why is n0thing working for Dazed?
Not a justification for sexual assault
Something to the effect of "a compliant, unaware citizenry."
Kelly Kapowski.Ayyy
Thank you haha :)
Clothes
I assume you mean magnetic for corpus?
This is sexist
Isn't that covered by Obamacare presently?
Sweet...wonder if they give away the leftover sterilizer.
I'm really confused, isn't carnival celebrated in February ?
Terrifyingly awesome.
I only have a few quartermaster calling cards: weed Hit the bong Bottle of whisky Good job IW!
It's either custom dynasty or OP used a console.
You can't access it
Gee thanks, really need the extra lag.
Delivery, delivery, delivery.
Giant Meteor didn't make the ballot, so Trump is courting its supporters with nuclear winter.
Maybe this will eventually dissuade continued sprawl to the North, and perhaps ease the 100km-long, half-day, 3-hour commute traffic jam on the 400 each day
"Hello yes I would like to rent Baby for my party what are your prices?"
Fair enough, but who was Carson Palmer sitting behind as a rookie?
so theres 6 cards then?
That "melty jellyfish" architectural style looks like a perfect fit for Fletcher Place!
Half that was Pedro Baez in this series.
Sounds like they are right and caught you anyway.
It is how it works, just on a state by state basis as we live in a federation of states, not a unitary state
Well we do have the Clinton News Network
They didn't deserve it, apparently.
Yes, but only on redacted and the Hillary sub
Honestly, it's the reason I originally got a second Primed Point Blank, as Sweeper Prime was generally my go-to as a Sentinel Weapon and its damage potential is decent at worst.
What he meant was that two players of equal skill and relative gear level should not be measured against one another for a raid spot based on how many legendaries one has over the other.
But guys you gotta give them a fair chance!
Or your 13th... Oh wait, that's not quite yet.
Don't you know that nobody reads the articles and people just read the titles in TIL
That's old English for slave trader
6 days
I want Mike Modano in the Centennial Classic Alumni Game
They're good towers Garge.
it is very common for a dead battery to have enough charge to power ancillary systems but not the starter
And make the dutch pay for it!
Too bad the illustrations are haram
Do you think the UK embassy will hold her indefinitely?
Be Safin or Nalbandian?
Confucius say?
UC
Cause hes ptw and in Nova
Even if you were right, which you're not, that wouldn't make Churchill an asshole.
So, no.
But the past is the past!
It's the thought that counts
Mental Gymnastics.
Season two PLEASE
So....the costume is essentially a diorama he wears around his neck.
Low temp makes dives shorter.
Old dogs don't play that much....
#spoilers!
Why are you incognito
The one I use most often is probably
Clearly your internalized transphobia was showing
Yeah it's fucking stupid for anyone to want to discuss regional protests or national politics with the rest of their city.
Maybe minus the crack addiction.
That's what Rowdy Roddy Piper would've looked like if he showed up to kick ass and chew gum, but still had gum left.
If you ask a cop if they are a cop they have to say yes by law
Blade and Soul, Rift, Archage, BDO.
It could be a helluva way to introduce a new major character, lol.
If you believe they only kissed then you may as well buy her a nice big present for being honest with you upfront!
Shantotto for ACC and onalis as well.
WTC the denim jacket in 4?
"It's in the refrigerator" -Sombra
Ironically, life is unfair.
No Jubei?
I wouldn't keep my hopes up too high..
I thought she Only had 3 corgis?
Nothing showed up by googling that?
As he sells his crack on the street.
Nah man A group of Gyrados is called death.
easter egg idea: if you type in "eb" it says "exotic butters"
Suggestion, if you aren't interested in developing the product any further, you could open source it on github or something to let other people poke around at it and get it working on CV1.
You should have just pulled yourself up from your boostraps
2nd had it, 3rd was supposed to go to 1 character only but they forgot to test it before they released it so if you bought the bundle before they hotfixed it you got it.
It's probably true that 95% of home treadmills turn into coat racks.
P R O T E K T M E D P S S C U M
It's not really competitive when an alternative has had it for decades and has leagues more mods.
How does One Become Friends With The Legend Himself, Brofresco ?
that's one way to get stuff 'f*cked' up really good and really fast it's not like anyone *ever* has datamigrations that shouldn't be deleted
Such odd
what's better about it?
It's stupid good now, I love it
The cities can relate to eachother yes thank you for agreeing with me.
They need votes!
Why, what did the Germans do in WWII?
Exactly!
This is what new CODs have caused people to become....
This works in yelp, but some websites aren't "mobile/desktop" but instead have layout break points based on screen resolution, and most phones don't report a 1024 point width for display.
Found Hilary's sister robot.
I read "creepy" as stalking, messaging 10s of times, fake profiles, stuff like that.
Would have been better if he said the only thing missing where those Rosa Gellar teeth
Yeah but here if you spit in a cops face they might mace you!
If you read the article, it goes over how Republicans still do relatively well in gubernatorial elections in Vermont, kind of like Massachusetts in that regard, despite how liberal the state leans.
But then the other team gets a Homerun
Repost...
I think it was just someone trying the Ragnarocks on the teleporter.
Add me
They made the fifth element and never filmed elements 1 through 4
All in a days work.
Wow this is amazing!
Being a full-on Swiftie after having some interest in her music for quite a while.
That doesn't prevent dps from getting a facefull of breath
It's so unfair that they can have black history month &amp; a Black Entertainment Television network.
omg gus i found teh real zeech guys wtf zeach can i hav ur autograf plz i wont teem wif ov nymore plz
Mene by Brand New has been a consistent favorite of mine.
And my axe.
Some would say that it would be karmic justice.
No, stop spreading false information please
It's a shame it takes him 10+ years to pay attention to his own offspring, though.
how lucky
no.
But Hillary would have started World War III, right?
There are android phones that are cheaper than an Iphone and are better.
If you want help from people don't be a dick.
Mirotic is 25 and hasn't really shown any development.
Yeah, maybe we should have no laws at all, because then we'd be even more free!
You made me sad...
No you brought up politics into a discussion where it doesn't belong so you can feel good about yourself
Nice, that would probably be the best way it could turn out!
Bad if he knows they are married, but the woman's fault is she keeps up with it.
Tx M. Great find!
This is really awesome, but I doubt the starcraft engine will allow you do that.
can you try and reduce the audio static next time
*nice rack*
I also got an Elite Player Reward Pack, pulled an AP.
OH okay cool, thanks!
Go back to sleep dad
Barney powder, man.
It's really sad how much ground the anti-science movement has gained over the last few years
customizable hipfire reticles plz
I can neither confirm nor deny this allegation without the express written permission from the Secretary.
I think we will disagree on that one.
BangBros - Alaina Dawson - Gets Twisted Up With A Big Cock is the name of the video
You know you are on r/overwatch when there is always atleast one post on the frontpage with "yes YES, no, no, NOOOO, yes, no, yes, Y-NOOOO" as title.
Paradox and Truth, why do you evade me so?
Shanam can use Astra
You Monsters!
SM Marisa
Keep in mind many liberals voted for Trump.
Maduro will just give everyone a big fat raise, so it's all good.
Wait that's not the right song.
Matt Smith is the EK65 of nu-who
Tchsshhh
No that's Bill Clinton
The resolution would imply 3x 1080p screens in landscape.
"Great, he still had the keys to my car."
You mean like obstructing Obama for 8 years, or maybe shutting down the Government like Cruz did, just because the GOP wasn't getting its way?
Drives 90 in the rain to get home and grind this out before it can be patched.
How did you get the 53% number?
Because this was only published by them, not made, so it's not 'blessed' by their holiness.
Trump won anything's possible now.
It's almost as crazy as Cable the baby who was sent to the future to come back as an old man to lecture his younger father
It's your fault for giving your wife the title - everyone else calls her bungee knickers!
They go much faster than this and smash heads togeather all the time.
Tharsis
So glad Hillary used her convention to showcase new talent like Obama had the opportunity in 2004.
3 mana spirit claws?
What will I have to pay if I need a franchise of your Joint with a trained chef?
WSJ is pretty unbiased I think
A E S T H E T I C
Oh, but I thought we didn't care about Serie A anymore, right?
Yeah, let's just split the country between the cities and stupid red rural states and see how long the cities last without food.
Somewhere with a/c
Well, if he continues to treat climate change as if it were just a chinese hoax, santa might be able to grant your wish.
What if the power went out at the ISP?
Well, that's the reason why I'm getting that AR-10 soon... Source: am millennial
Will they unlock fps for this one?
Man you're asking a lot!
Amagi Brilliant Park
Better.
Does this mean no NGC chip?
I guess they are migrating after the election was done
Not vehicles
And beautiful bhoys
I'll never be caught dead wearing Sperry's, a polo, and khakis.
Yup, def not the facelift.
You get talking birds.. Like big bird...
Where we going ?
I hear a gnat buzzing around thinking it is important
He said they're based out of northern California.
There is a myth that Arnold Swartzenegger is INTJ, but he's not.
That is what will tear this country apart
They use free speech to protest someone elses free speech lol, then they have the Soviet insignia which is not only anti-free speech but anti-gay.
Well... I mean, it is obviously Tim Kaine's turn
100% sure that he had few times larger playerbase than he does now.
But all Trump supporters are sexist, racist pigs that want to resurrect Hitler to run the US!
They should do am episode of black mirror with this premise
This is just going to keep getting worse, isn't it?
The joys of living in a small conservative regional town.
Iggy I agree, but I usually farm Gideons like minions once her ult is up.
Watching women squirting.
click the link and create an account!
Hey now she's a progressive that gets things done!
As the late great Abraham Lincoln once said, "Fake it til you make it"
They'll make a case where you can attach a string to the Airpods
Comes a long way from doing videos on youtube
Droppable in a smaller league with no ppr
The NFL is just disappointed AB would honor veterans for free
OMG the next president is taking advice from a rapist/murderer/racist
You clearly haven't used explosive tips recently.
Haha you must be very bright
Add AWJ to the list as well
One more time for the slow kids: the popular vote is irrelevant, we're a federation of **states**.
Cheers love, the calvary's here!
Many marsupials, namely kangaroos who use a pouch instead of a placenta.
yeah, there's the seige missions, but I had a retaliation spawned where I automatically failed because it spawned as a civ rescue-type mission but didn't spawn any civs.
And I'm supposed to care about your opinion because...?
Blessed be our New Founding Fathers
Yes, property is the only important value, trumpingall other concerns
Yeah, but it crops out the sides, giving me a shittier picture
Chelsea 2020
There is a max redttip with 0.01fv for 240Keys on sale.. so a 0.06 with small blue tip is for sure not worth more than 180-190 keys mr pro trader :)
He simply does not need to
Lucky grandma, getting to marry a hot cat-boy!
Starbound wins this in my book I swear I play an extra 3 hours before stopping
Na but I'll check it out if it's good
Nah, this shit is hard.
Caravan
Wikileaks will not be held accountable for a damn thing... I'm sure all these people who were riveted by Clinton's emails were equally outraged and riveted by Chelsea Manning's disclosures and the exceptional treatment she's received since arrest.
You might as well buy a light ballista now if you don't want to do mm2 as the light ballista will be given around the stats of the current heavy ballista and the heavy will have a mm2 requirement to use
No because they have privilege
Radical Islam must be defeated one way or another.
Not unreasonable to think when it comes to ISIS.
Stick some bars to his shoulders and I'm sure he can.
Just overheard at the gym: "I'm trying to grow bigger lats so I can fly away out of this country"
Tom Clancy would be so proud.
They're the wurst!
I'm the first one here, my other flat mates move in next week, so will sort out stuff like that when they get here
I thought it was hero cards.
I mean, Electrode is literally just a big ball and it's one of the fastest Pokemon out there.
"Once upon a time..."
I think so too
Trump supporters are the new isis
How many does he give you in the UBs mission?
For men it's okay but for women... those sluts have to be punished
Pattern recognition.
They do say only some 3 lane maps.
If that's what you want go play CoD4 on last gen.
It's the same on pc at least, I just copied my profile from Bf4 and all my sensitivities and keybindings are perfect.
"Unmoored" or unhinged?
Especially in Texas!
I kept buying the same kind of boots multiple times per game to make me super quick haha
Yeah but white ppl have been oppressing us forever now it's our turn
Everything that doesn't paint Trump as perfect is "biassed af".
Fit people literally don't exist.
From vision to reality This is beautiful
Somehow I am more ok with this than otherway around.
From San Diego, can confirm.
this is a hoax site
This is new...I've never seen this before...
Feminism is cancer #CalmMeDownIn3words
Any given day
This guy is on to something
Sumlin and Kelly's name always comes up when NFL jobs open up.
But it erases minorities!
wouldn't you be referring to sex?
Uzbek.
oh man oh jeez oh boy the WT is finally coming it would be nice if they gave us another Bulma's Battle Prep event as well
Yes, Sanders and his supporters can be more accurately compared to the Rebel Alliance.
Yup, Belmont Shore 2.0.
Proceeds to roll 10 more times
There's also an option at the non combat at the Factory to spend 10k sprinkles to get a tattoo.
I believe it's Destiny but I'm not sure.
Invisibilia is the shit!
If possible, I'd like to be banned from seeing posts about this.
The beta is supposed to have mountain wasteland or something, but the picture for that are from Morocco which looks normal here.
Why is this little boy allowed at the adult's table?
I remember watching top gear on final gear before I had netflix, and then about a week ago I looked for the episodes on final gear but they weren't there :/
If she's responsible for creating you, she deserved it.
No no, if you don't tell them about sex they won't realize they can do it!
Turn the 4GB model into the 8GB model.
You're right, cancer treatment is such a bullshit thing to be donating money to.
She's out campaigning and wining the election.
Danielle is piecing it together rn.
He yung, but he no wat 420 iz That hurt to type
Wild guess.. But there was probably a lead car that stopped ahead to take a frontal picture of the backed up cars behind them.
Felix Hernandez, but he was injured for at least part of it.
Republicans will help fix that!
So your telling us the condos will have basements ....... wow how revolutionary
The only reason i would ever support trump is because of gun rights, which are eroding in CA
on the wall?
Abut as funny as a modern-day newspaper comic gets.
Steak tartare, Mac and cheese, and a mussaman curry.
Isn't that the whole point of Canada aside from the healthcare and me helping you build a wall to keep my Trump-supporting aunt from ruining it?
As a ginger, I can not confirm nor deny such allegations.
I've had to unsub from the Canada-related subreddits, I don't know what the fuck happened in the past few years but the anti-sjw rhetoric over there is getting to insane levels.
Happy birthday!
Mah Tigga
I recall Texas and others wanting to secede after Obama's election, so it's not like it is limited to one side.
He taught me that I could steal and murder (as a public official) and may get away with all of it.
"Dear Chief, I hardly know where to begin..."
Thanks!
Nice try, but what can 80 out 650 MPs accomplish?
Does anyone notice how whenever this sub comes up with a new shitpost, it revives all the other dead shitposts in an orgy-like mashup?
Yeah - he only *pretends* to be a footballer
I always had playstations if that's what you mean
Just commenting because roll lynx
Can we go one thread without bitching about the refs?
I think with trump active Klans are going to be much more active
I think u mean spaghetti.
Why don't you, bitch?
It's hard to quiet a laugh track .
"I'm voting!"
*Yeah, because everyone has a spare Sparky and Princess just lying around*
*Yeah fuck the people that support the developers*
Every time I have a internal power struggle on whether or not free will even exists.
Lmao please its a lot easier to slaughter a cow then a whale and if not you Americans are doing something seriously wrong never seen a cow not die instantly in slaughter houses where I live.
He can also tap the NPA too!
What the fuck does him being pro-gun have to do with it?
"Hey, I'm in the middle of a gunfight one kill off my De-Atomizer, this is a good time to call my Warden in" Something like that would never happen to me
I bought a bush with the golden eagles I got from that Gaijoob phone ad app.
I wouldn't mind using a gun that holds 6 BBs at a time if it looked this badass.
What a true hero she is
I guess people didn't get the sarcasm without the
It would really tie the story together if we could all see this P90X video.
What about with my main man Aesop?
No problem, it sort of all flew over my head on my first viewing too, I only know this stuff because I re-watched the movie and also spent a lot of time hearing about other people's interpretations on youtube etc.
It *could* be.
Black Mirror, season 3
I'd be more comfortable doing that than losing that RB depth.
At least your grandma isn't a part of the *regressive left*!
Lots of people do it.
Especially since there's so many cool traditional irish stuff to choose from.
Indeed, survivors shouldn't be able to waste my time.
Oh ya Okey donchaknou
Yeah it seems like a badlinguistics description but it was still an interesting article nonetheless
This was some next level shit dude keep it up
You can always just run a virtual machine for Windows on OSX.
Dang I didn't think the MHz and GPU was this bad smh
If you can get rich, things will get really easy.
Obviously they have to capture the market from Whatsapp.
How am I supposed to maintain my social justice rage in the face of your valid pints?
Yeah, now that his stream isn't D2 friendly anymore OP should be able to learn something from it.
There are, Believe me...
Its mostly for people that have older cars without aux/usb input and their cd player is not mp3 compatible.
"This ammo's got your name NOT on it!"
Guess I'll never be woke.
A good number starts with 4 and ends in 20.
Because we want to be like Europe.
For example Bob Black's "Feminism is Fascism" essay
Let me guess, you think teabagging while winning is somehow better?
Of course comrade.
You're just a shill for the two party duopoly!
and i thought he was the next Nostradamus
Yay for more crappy ass gold cards to fill packs
Precisely, but trying to explain that most police use common sense on here is like pouring petrol on a fire.
No, he totally meant to assassinate them xD
London Tube did it first
Who cares, MAGA.
Thanks for sharing!
Relevant flair xD.
When I'm in the locker room my goal is to either intimidate or arouse.
I'm surprised someone hasn't diagnosed him with Affluenza.
Hey, that will be something we'll be in the record books for something
Yeah, limiting yourself to every other day (plus holidays of course) will keep you nice and fit.
Crash Bandicoot Tekken 3 Need for Speed Underground 2 (heck just make a fucking Underground 3)
Playing support in HotS is incredibly rewarding, but I'm afraid that this may not last because Blizzard insists on nerfing any support that's fun to play instead of buffing underperforming ones.
You're just defeatist-shaming her.
Just wait until he plays Bama and loses by 2.
Watch the video.
What does that have to do with the fact that the massive influx of Irish to America has totally destroyed their culture and society?
You fair weather fan
Lol kinda agree, only enjoy 3 tracks which is pretty fucking low considering its a mau5 album.
I can see a girl asking herself why she should feel not valuable in the first place.
At best they'll be used to nut into, but according to cultural standards, women usually want more than sex.
What an awesome life you have there
someone thinking that they can control what a woman does with her own body is a misogynist no matter what way you want to twist it.
You are officially a fucking sociopath, get the fuck away from me!
Not when her mother cooks...
Yeah but it's not like they were missed as we were spoiled with the killer new Top Gear presenters.
Haha I got your
Nee man, staan een dag later op hun YouTube en op hun rss feed (of wat dan ook, ik heb de app Podcas Addict, staan ze ook op).
the Allen company actually champions the phrase "hex head" to avoid genericization.
For some reason I'm picturing Malcolm Tucker in The Thick of It shouting "I AM NOT THE STORY!"
Well something is playing the radio so find a speaker and follow the cable.
Thats what happens when they have ONE good winning season in the last decade
Helo rush.
I think it's more referencing that there are no cartridges not hinting at expandability.
Freak
Highly Suspect
Seriously, what a babe &lt;3
Cant tell if shit post or serious.
Danney Clinton **FTFY**
Ah yea you bought the cyanide flavored ones?
Yeah, how dare he try to help the black community!
And all the other characters also played by John Ratzenberger
Did the rest of the band started clapping?
Like all networks?
Yes we need accurate news like Brietbart News and Alex Jone's Infowars.
This has been my solution for a year now
Like Leoric with that Pope helmet?
Soad is the bomb
They're probably not happy that he's calling for term limits and reduced pay for congressman
Trust the process!
Chan's newest factory that's just been getting into high-tier reps
These look like fine upstanding citizens who are really contributing to society.
lol that story never happened...Trump supporters would have accepted the results with class and dignity, just like they keep saying these "paid protesters" should be doing.
This is the first post that actually made me say "What the fuck", and I've been here for some time.
Last post was 9 years ago... back when usernames like "ollie" were available.
I'd imagine you'd need a very good machine if it is even possible to run 10 virtual machines and applications in each at the same time on one computer.
Close enough to a dock
Haney Place Mall
I very curious how the votes are gonna go on this
I'd be a useless breed sucking the life out of as many men as possible.
Grandia II : Anniversary Edition :)
The caption says it was a wedding haha
But was it a fact?
Now i wanna listen to Uneven Structure
That'll chance his policy for sure!
not nearly as shit as regular human interaction
The Blues Brothers.
You showed that guy, didn't you
Much more rock oriented, a bit more commercialized, but pretty good nonetheless.
Well that would be sexist.
I'm probably nowhere near Engels level, but thanks.
FaZe/OG has been a rivalry for a long long time, just not in CS :P
Love when he realizes what happened
Demogorgon, I've come to bargain.
oh men, i miss so much nyc ):
same here.
How would going portless make travel charging more difficult?
I can see some issues that might arise from certain supernatural creatures crewing a ship at sea.
Terrible Things - Mayday Parade
Nobody who's boycotting Hamilton could afford to see it anyway...
I think they don't know
Cum, vomit and shit all at once.
My West Coast team is the Flames and I learned that lesson well from watching their crazy comeback wins from two seasons ago.
It's 2 in Oakland and 1 in LA.
How many times are you going to UC Irvine.
Oh man, I can't wait.
Yeah, this one game definitely undoes the 4 rings for me!
Screen grabs from the Internet have been statistically proven to be accurate 100% of the time.
Nah, fuck that, start flowers and trade for Josh Gordon.
my best guess would be the the spacing of the first layer of the model is a little high, and the overlap of the second layer is too close, this causes toughness of the first layer to be propagated through top the next few layers until the print evens out.
But trump wants to deport all people of color and put the gays in prison camps!
Because Europoors &lt; Muricans
And some rum!
You are not alone.
Don't worry, she'll be back.
There's no "f" in "way"
I feel like maybe the relationship wasn't the same because she forgot his birthday, not because of the sex?
But is it genuinely a movie?
Only the facts that support your fascist views.
you say that now but just wait until someone throws a questionable hit and the shit hits the fan in here
Indeed ... that was excruciating.
:facepalm:
hi i buy ign is ImPlayingArcTotems
Yeah, my strong stance against racism is what triggered actual racists to vote for their racist candidate
She was probably parking there every night, since it was always "free".
RR
So are the arabs in europe that want to subject people to sharia law colonists?
You must hate Harry Potter.
Interrail is free for 18yo's IIRC
definitely bring a "wizard costume" there may be dress-up later, and your favorite CD of H8Machine or whatever skinhead music you enjoy!
But they some in Clapton wire too!
To be fair, I'm sure plenty of white children thought they couldn't become President after 2008.
5
thanks :D
Tell us who
Sick burn dawg
Moosetits* FTFY
Yes to what lol
They will be 0 years old since "my unborn childrens' problem"
We need to shutdown all candies in the USA until we can figure out what is going on.
How that work out for Stannis... oh right not so well.
Yeah, if the corporations aren't going to change, I should do as much as I can to screw the environment too!
Wrong globalization is a cancer that only Trump can stop
I'm in Michigan, I'll PM you if you have room still.
I like Obama but ugh please no more Clintons, Bushes, Obamas
You should check out 77839 if you haven't heard
That's what he *wants* you to do, this is reverse psychology at it's best.
Good thing this won't be an issue anymore once we end political correctness and make america great again
I'll offer you $220 picked up today, cash.
Yeah because American Jews are such a fucking monolith
Stel je voor dat je om iets zou gaan geven.
In the uk She's wearing a burka kill her
Seeing this sure makes me want to vote democrat
I appreciate your sarcasm
Spero si sia fatto pagare per rilasciare questa intervista.
Christians chilled out before modern weapons and technology was available.
They didn't update the hit detection in this patch.
it was a joke, I was being ironic
L
This expansion is pretty exhausting with every single aspect of it being RNG...
"If your opponent's hand is empty " LOL
Wtf is this boob ribbon thing ?
BUT HES TRASH AND SO INACCURATE
I haven't fucked in a month, but I'm still white and a male, what am I?
Liberals and seculars in Bangladesh have been trying to get rid of the State Religion for quite some time now and if they succeed, it would certainly be a political and ideological victory for them.
Found the farmer.
We will do what we can... although, if you guys drop too much, you might fire Arians, and hire Fisher, in which case we are screwed... Sorry, you're going to have to win this one...
One day we will get a Gears game that actually works upon its launch.
In its separate complaint against the Trump campaign and two pro-Trump super-PACs, Rebuilding America Now, and Make America Number 1, the Campaign Legal Center charges they too are violating the law.
Shear it as if it's a sheep
Yikes, if this happens today, you can only imagine the types of lessons and discussions had during the reign of Brigham...
But he put so much into his charity!
Wolf is bad eu with bad values
Racist
I vote we blame Mike Weber today
1 inch smart-watch for sure!
Easy, bing-watch 'West Wing' to get a crash course on how to run the White House
"Frihedsminister"
gut gid
looking for reps that can farm atleast faimon hell also panda reps to play in necro ^_^ IGN:ima19 server:global my rep : kumar can farm faimon in 1 min /2 min chiruka hell
My honest recommendation would be to buy the base game on steam and slowly buy the DLCs, but don't install anything and keep playing on your "free" version until you have enough or all DLCs.
The truth will set you free, but first it will piss you off ;-)
This is the same argument I've heard against self financed campaigns, I tend to agree with it.
Gone, but they usually get you permanent upgrades for future withered training events
Yeah that seems really low
Crabtree would like this very much
I also saw a Weezing on my tracker on this same trip home today, which I've also never seen, but it didn't show up either.
Well no one ever claimed the Alabama education system was great.
Most likely not.
I just ordered one as a Christmas present for my wife... here's hoping they ship in december
But which would you consider heavier: a game with tons of rules but few meaningful choices, or a game with few rules but tons of choices?
Low effort shitpost, Meet low effort derogatory comment.
Dude that's not what your supposed to do with a centerfold.
It's there to get you banned, what else?
I started playing Udyr support, at least this way I won't get banned.
If ramming a cheap joke into the ground well after it stops being funny is what passes for a sense of humor at FSU, then the stereotypes hold up perfectly.
Penguins are looking to go nuclear, Kerry is there to make a deal as long as they agree not to nuke the leopard seals for at least 10 years, or a Republican is in office (whichever is first).
I bet the librarian's hand hurts from all those high-fives.
The E3 demo was running flawlessly!
pretty much
I have supported mid and won when I got tired of my bitchy add.
Soo tempted right now.
but thats why i like it D:
Morgan, maaaybe Justin, if Shelby puts Kryssie up it ensures that Morgan goes
Don't worry, we can afford to fuck this planet if we can just move to another planet
what country do you live in where that isn't a criminal offence?
And the missile shield in Poland.
Books, Video Games, Rec leauges, gym, biking?
Everyone's too afraid to go after them, all Republicans need to be stopped at every turn don't let do them do anything and scrutinize every little thing they try to do till the entire country realizes what monsters and complete idiots they are.
This is an amusement park ride so they aren't exactly driving...
Oh yeah, we forgot..only conservatives, specifically Donnie supporters have guns No democrat or republican who is against Donnie would ever have a gun.
I'd rather you not call me that during work hours.
A demo is supposed to make you want a game, the voice acting turned me off completely.
L
and as we all know, putting your dick in someone means you can't be racist against them.
You don't get rid of the dude with a 100% completion percentage and first down conversion rate!
To be fair, they're getting in on the first shot each time.
THROW IT ON HIM, NOT ME!
Earn Badges I believe
Works for me.
My friend did that
Maybe it's just the angel but I feel like it's rather short on natural light... Other than that of course absolutely lovely.
It was satire
What are "facts" anyway?
You don't design products for the extreme use case
Great source!
Excuse me, but it's Democratic PEOPLES Republic and there is still people!
those feels when you can only afford a white robe and hood.
Yes, it was the liberals crying about "criminal" Mexicans, "terrorist" Muslims, and "evil" Chinese.
So does AL did you see her post game interview against Detroit ?
Not scary Not NSFW Not the first time posted
The Unpresidential Ball
I'm saying that they're fighting an uphill battle in that respect by being more concerned about their image than the children under their care.
you... need AOD hud... like 16...
Yeah I'm sure you won't because /you're lying/
Outmetagamed ;-).
Heheh, heh, heheheh, heeeeee :^C
If you just wanted to give up, then why come here asking for advice?
But he couldn't keep up with the Sharks, a slow team.
DAVID DESHARNAIS
Texas, California, Oregon, Hawaii ... Form your militia and march for independence!
Kobe's the kind of guy the police would bring to talk to a serial killer, because then the murderer would be able to relate with Kobe's psychotic devotion to perfection.
Yea, it wasn't anything like that time she dodged prosecution.
Why's he sitting on a toilet?
Bold strategy here, rather than focusing on the issues lets just double down and blame more groups of people.
Clearly he is just trying to round them all up in one place until the wall is finished
I sea what you did there
NDA bro
Those two statements are exactly the same, because he is a gigantic dick (who happens to have a micropenis)
Wish more festivals were like this.
Petri RTA, pretty much the best RTA I have tried
Maybe then you'll have a friend
however mashiro still wears the exact same hoodie and shirt that he wears on the front cover of volume 1 of the manga even though like 5 years have passed.
But you can't change the results of the games already played so there's only one way to get to .500...
You CAN stay friends with an ex, and have a healthy, constructive, enjoyable friendship.
This proves it, Alvarez is just another bum the UFC threw Conor's way.
Yeah you wouldn't want to hire an attorney with a racist president
Can confirm am insanely lazy
like with a paper towel or something, there should be like ear wax stuck in it, if there isn't then there's nothing to clean
Cuz they're tiny... right?
we suck
Chirp.. chirp..
Have you tried jerking with knifehands yet?
you are a bigger butt than jupiter
of soap
deez
actually its only 4 cancers not 7
I think, frustrated/overwhelmed + poor coping skills.
True but it was kind of surprising that the car that caused the accident was a dinky little hatchback.
Thought this was super interesting; each car is bespoke and it's really admirable.
I'm sure that will be amazing with Oculus room scale.
Well I mean what kind of strange person goes to sleep before midnight?
Monster
"I live again!"
Sorry for not letting you use my vote for your own purposes.
If you say something enough eventually it will be true
Come on, grown up Ellie looks less badass than teenager Ellie...
Nice dragon axe mouse cursor
He has a bucket ass so he don't need no seat
But enough about Sami Salo...
adevarat a-nviat.. ..acest membru PSD *de incredere, cu autoritate*
Woah
I read she showed up to give Katy Perry an award, "unannounced" (meaning it was totally scripted).
What made you believe it's not that she's recreating her dad's schizophrenic selfies to show solidarity and gain sympathy for her dad?
I'm super bad at picking up on hints, but I usually get the hint when a girl is being touchy feely.
Yeah... That was old reddit something something.
Last year wild card, Jake owned.
Strawberries and cream
They can use Carsomyr after they get to high level along with anything else.
if they had a normal name people would recognize them as the cheesing scum they are
"Get on with it, motherfucker."
Yeah, it just gives off a low, uneven hum, like the background noise from space.
Mavis Beacon
Yes, and if everyone applied for his job, they could offer fewer benefits and he would get the shit insurance forced on him too.
I think it's more an issue of re-recording the songs to play over the speakers.
BUT WHAT ABOUT UNIVERSITY?
Any of The Godfather movies
I'm sure he will keep his cool and be diplomatic when meting foreign leaders
They had a personal opinion and a personal set of facts to back up that opinion.
Gundam Seed was a fucking mistake.
Its telling you that they are reserving plat placements for those challenger players wrongfully placed in bronze
So... CODE...?
Well if thats not legally binding, i dont know what is.
Yeah, but you see it was necessary, because Allah knew the boy would "corrupt" his goods parents, and instead of leading the boy in the right way so he can make the parents that worshipped him their whole life happy, it was better to challenge them by killing their child, so he can see if the parents that devoted all their life to him were really sincere.
Then I'd say, you have to make some rules for who takes kickoffs :P In our group we let the player on the Left take it if he's in a good position.
you totally cant do that on windows
Lacelab always hook me up
But if you fight against the system then you don't have any right to fight against the system.
I contacted him and he says he plays and watches CS, but stopped coming to this salt mine of a sub.
Then you get a squad of 4 PG's
Dats da joke
ping ping pong pong something something Pocahontas.
There you go!
Don't you know, the Southern Poverty Law Center says he's a white supremacist, and they are the highest, final authority on such matters!
Bending Honey should be the first album title for an early Radiohead tribute band: The Pablos.
Zero-tolerance rules yield zero-common-sense outcomes.
How do you think it would not be cruel to declaw them?
especially when specials have different properties depending on the button used, it's just something you'll have to be attuned to by using the character
It's a baby wheel jay!
Yeah, I wish people would only protest in places and at times where I can ignore it with minimal effort and it doesn't cause any kind of inconvenience or disruption to anybody.
I ONLY PLAY 3V3 FLEX APPARENTLY MY 5V5 RANK HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH MY TT MMR DON'T KNOW HOW THEY SCREWED ME YET
HEC?
343 ruining dreams yet again
Thanks.
Well done
Do all uber drivers screw their passengers?
it's already dead
Nah that's the headlight fluid
I had to stop myself from getting a titan XP...
Maybe we just shouldn't have a D2 soccer league in America?
this specific shot would be more like 1 in a million tbh :P
Oh then it's ok.
Yes!
No, to be Jerry.
Will it hurt the jeans themselves?
My man!
Yeah, homosexuality and literally wanting to have sex with children is so similar.
Take it easy there, Abernathy...
But Jeebus hates non traditional people, so I should hate them too!
Whoa where is my Persona 5 at number 1.
gr8 b8 m8, i r8 8/8
I'm afraid the hamster has crossed the bounds of cute chubby, and is well into the realm of sad chubby :(
Found the fellow Canadian ;-)
What are we doing here?
You're the one who seems mad
Different network, different producers, different writers - his show is different because it's different.
Get sponsored, do cam stuff, pays for itself really.
I don't see any safer barriers on those walls
it's certainly very objective to assume that none of the people who are staying home share the same viewpoint as the protesters
Ok since you decided to do such a countdown post every week, I do hope you continue to do a "It's now x weeks after Oculus Touch shipped"
That is one over leveled log if it one shots valk!
Guns and unborn fetus are totally interchangeable like that!
As someone who doesn't like TKL boards very much, you sure do know how to make them look far more appealing.
Yah, she already did crack to her son
....and carrying a conversation he must have heard before too.
I never imagined there might be a complicated financial arrangement with Trump and the family running his Super PAC (who also happen to be the same people who fund Breitbart News and the data anlytics software the Trump campaign used (which Bannon also has a stake in))
Will try to scare neighbors cat tonight and see.
That's Hillary
just the fucking best
Their Uncle's Facebook feed said nothing about Giuliani, so consider him vetted!
Trumpet with Russian name proves lie-berals wrong yet again!
If Bernie had talked about the size of his dick in Relation to Hillary's, we'd be getting President Sanders next month...
LISTEN!
And some say to this day they are still rowing.
you forgot the
No thanks
I feel like having the screaming sun this would have been so perfect!
The only ones in denial are hillary supporters.
Oh, and here I thought Satan was telling her she isn't pretty enough...
The way you're prancing away after Scotty beamed you up is just hilarious.
Fox news business anchor Maria something
BITCH IS A FEMINIST so......
Not sure where you got 3-4 times missing its release window....
God forbid we change the system so that people's votes count equally no matter where they live!
Yeah because all the old episodes were perfect and everything new sucks!
Said?
Oh yeah I want to play Witcher 3 at 4k 144 FPS Ultra settings will this do?
once you reach an elo in ranked where people use all their braincells, you won't have an easy time as sha lin anymore :D
Dont call me white, I prefer the term "Irish-Scottish-German-Italian American" thank you very much.
Wow, that's pretty incredible, how was your time in the Army?
In that case, pay for everything - she probably wouldn't spend that kind of money to board if it weren't for the fact that she is going with you
Trump supporters need their safe space!
Good on ye,OP.
You sir better get tuned right!
Me too thanks
According to Obama they are a total democracy and we should respect their insane leader as he throws journalists in jail for comparing him to Golum.
huh
Mine doesn't shed
I will give you 3 ref for it
Rand Paul has also said he'd be willing to vote against crazy stuff...
Just got the same thing while doing nothing on my pc.
This system would finally let me flank in my Maus!
Hint: not her first video.
All it takes is one lucky bounce
Buzzfeed said so, checkmate DankeyKang
ricky doesnt get enough love on the all-nba attractive team but that man is good looking af
This is the year he turns it around...
New Feature: Removed table of contents.
Op wanting that sweet sweet karma
I mean, I thought a lot of them were shaped like a shield for exactly that reason
Not really helpful.
To be fair, I see this happen with both liberals and conservatives.
-40 C is plenty cold for me, I can't even imagine the wind chill.
Yes, and the Koch Brothers are responsible for destroying America, are turning America into a dictatorship, are racist and hate poor people.
Trump winning re-election.
Yes I am so grateful it went out smothly
It IS as crazy as it sounds.
Cause it was the last one, duh.
Stop reminding them bro.
Sure, my point was not really directed to you, rather that it makes sense for some people and not everyone should think of walking as a waste of time.
I'm in Houston and did the same, but for last year's De Bruyne (when it was on major sale at the end of the season) and paid like $65
She does, hopefully.
Slap em in an imgur album and post it up!
Er war wunderbar
Do I get my one month gold now?
I wonder what that troll was doing on tang's account anyway?
Well, Anzu said it is an extreme exceptiom...
Apparently CN needs more room for Teen Titans Go
shhhhhh
Because racism is hilarious.
No.
For a sub that "kicks" out opposing views, many of our viewers seem to be downvoters on everything.
He's a catfish, not a toad
HE'S ON A HARAMPAGE HOLY SHIT WATCH OU
If you never played older fallouts then yes, no.
That will be 5000 dollars, please
How dare he ask a question, better downvote him!
Correct, it's a bull
Invade Europe.
Getting offered a blowjob by desperate skanks who want to get in.
Maybe they didnt vote because they couldnt afford voter id.
Che' on fourth carries it as well.
Why not, we all know Westeners are supposed to conform to the ideas and culture of the people who are moving here
I'm loving my country more and more.
When he is not dead after 10 bullets you fucked up anyways
\m/
Immigrants taking our jobs.
It's better than 12
I rarely clean it xd
It is now!
I hoped they enjoyed that STRETCH.
Because it's white.
It is a cheaper luxury car though so in that aspect it's an economy luxury car
He started a side channel specifically for that reason so that he could do things that aren't related to e-sports.
all the good things are overshadowed by all of the "high school rp" crap games tho
yeah, fuck obama he left this mess to us republicans!
Don't worry, and take your time ;)
The fact you used eat instead of drink makes my belly sad for you
People use the most absurd strawmen arguments against ISDS.
What's a platinum chest?
"HES NOT MY MY PRESIDENT REEEEEEEEEEEEE"
HILLARY BTFO GAAZAH EASIEST ELECTION EVER GFDKAJSGFLKAGFDASJGFDAGDSAHGFDSHG
Unreadable
A ridiculous one at that.
This guy has never heard of prosthetic hands
doesn't fix anything
Good idea, concentrate them in one secure location.
are you saying there was a poll for trump supporters to see how many were racist?
Bro, you just don't understand.
Lillie was Racer X the whole time!
Let's leave Bradley's pathetic ass there too.
Unplayable, kills itself.
Race control asks me for my opinion quite often, and I control the start of the race (where it starts, and if it was good).
Bo1 hands down.
Didn't realize that the actual title of Comey's position is the "J. Edgar Hoover Memorial Head of the FBI".
yes, have you not seen a kv-2 lob shots?
If only they were bigger
If you bring a giant double stroller, you can use it as a battering ram to push your way though crowds....
That's Cool Runnings.
Now you and I agree on something.
Here's to hoping none of these patches make it to the PC version.
Jokes on them, you're actually a custom build running a liquid cooled mini-itx and an LCD to just *look* like a retro computer.
I'm ready for the outrage from the right-wingers when he spends all those vacation days in New York.
Don't include Us in your "we" you mixed breed!
its using minimum wage as a measure, not median.
Pretty sure having XY-chromosomes = advantaged.
Also, it kinda looks like the octopus and its tsunami is going to win the fight, 10 points for accuracy.
I'm sorry, I forgot that being a meme excuses douchyness.
People do love their dogs
ed would?
They can help if tuned to 432 Hz!
its a wednesday?
Reynad may have brought the archetype into hs, but he took the name from magic
I have no doubt, I just can't remember that far back because I only started commenting 2 years ago.
Echo Fox buys SK
That sounds like a plan ;D
If you look at history, you'll see that the only viable method for change (aside from full-on rebellion) are general strikes.
Its the Simpsons fault lol
TIL 50,000 players is dead
I'm 100% sure he'll never hit her again
Their sarcasm about these long snapper jokes being funny is what I took as an indication that they were tired of the posts.
I'm not really versed in all the X99 boards but just from a glance the Asus one offers USB 3.1 and USB type C. I personally have some USB type C devices so for me it was worth it.
just make a desperate move or else you'll win And then begin to see What you're doing to me
Disenchant all of that and build Forestcraft Hybrid.
Play then in their slot
The congress that has still passed the budget and economic stumili plans on time for the last 8 year.
I'm guessing your realtor was like, "Oh, yea...traffic right now is pretty tough, BUT when the bridge is finally done it'll be just fine."
Feature obviously, working as intended.
You dropped this:
And if kids are flunking out of school we should shame them for that as well.
Woah there, be careful, Breitbart might boycott the weather in retaliation!
*GiB
But Shuichi is already a girl!
No no no, cheese the food is for everyone, but cheese the business isn't for everyone
Yeah but how can you know for sure?
Hillary will hold the 1% to task, trust us - the room full of 1%ers
I'm glad a lot of you don't like it, maybe I'll actually be able to get one!
You forgot that line down the middle of the Xbone, idiot.
not just that, but he will have new speedforce powers that the flash doesnt understand or atleast use the same speedforce powers in a new inventive way.
My bandmate has a Jet King and I swear those things are a treasure.
Ahh, Abyssea is when I quit.
GRAVITON
I have 750 candies because I have a nest near me but non are good cp ... waiting for a hatch.
visa, the exact same card I successfully paid with 2 weeks ago on a different order
donkey sauce everywhere...
Get rid of Fatalis while we're at it pls, no
Yes, totally, including all the Native Americans in the center and on the west coast of the continent that the Spanish never met....
These violent delights...
See it turns out things can be privately funded and the government doesn't have to have its' fingers in everything!
Fuck that dumbass religious bullshit.
You're right it's actually called his vape obviously.
I see these people are assimilating well into Germany culture and society.
Awww :)
Was done overnight
Nonsense, only America and her allies have ever been stable enough to produce food!
The best part of you ran down your moms leg.
I would argue some people enjoy the debates.
Bitcoin
Luckily its just a code to download inside so hes good
Triggerooskied ecks dee being an offensive jackass is funny
I understand.
I can google a fishtail parka pattern it's gucci
Even a bigger issue.
He had it coming!
But...why?
Build two robots, have them fight to the death in your blood soaked arena and go with whoever comes out on top.
Yes
What happens when you try joining a game?
Textbooks are such a waste of money when majority of the assignment's answers are online.
red carpet of course =)
If only she could be as resilient as the White Run guards when i shoot them in the face.
I didn't realize that alexa has a different accent across the pond
If mud comes from dirt, how come there is still dirt?
That's what they should either go with Microsoft's approach or rebuild it and start over again.
*checks username* Yeah right
Thanks man
False Equivalency.
*Fellowship of the Akmal*
Lets be De-friends
% max bank account true damage
So I'm walking down the street minding my own business and some chick ahead of me freaks out and thinks i'm following and about to rape her... kills me, and thats OK?
Sound is compressed to hell and back in SE for some reason.
in oras 50, in arterele periferice 60, pe centura Vectra 80, Pe tronsonul nou 90, Pe tronsonul in dublare 70,
I'd really like to see devs try to play on prime-time Miller to see how much fun this game can be!
ARE YOU SAYING I LOOK FAT
Scotland wouldn't go independent because Westminster legislated to accept the results of a referendum.
bs carriage wheels are like 4 keys the spreadsheet even says so!
Please Israel, change your PM, having for such a long time the same leader is quite dangerous (not because he'll become a dictator, but because it poison the political enviroment).
What are you talking about the Warriors always have fun laid back practices the Kings are just mimicking their culture
So we just gonna forget Andre Miller now ?
You're going to forget the politics of the great Palpatine ?
Put it in a sock and then use it to... **BASH**
You must have work at the pentagon before this.
Gresit, bebelusul care salveaza casnicia
Oh, I get the message, if you mix Asian and black you get down syndrome
Nope Welch deserved it he had more wins
nice try, ggg
Really?
I am not convinced she will be thinking anymore.
Ask them to buy you a mail order bride lol No seriously, move out as soon as you can and don't let their toxic blue pill shit dictate your life.
Nah, give him a year.....
From what I can gather, a parody of T_D that is a left of center politician in Germany (so likely around Bernie, maybe further left, idk) that is potentially running against Merkel in Germany.
I like peanut butter, oreos, Chipotle burrito bowls, and Raisin' Cane's fried chicken.
Definitey not going to argue with that, but I think that because we are a Representative Constitutional Republic and not a Direct Democracy, the college exists to make the system as fair as it can be for places where a vote would never count like in "flyover" America.
I'd share a foxhole with this man anytime.
Plenty of kittens at the humane societies that need homes.
I think you dropped this...
NO NO NO NO NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Is tesko on there?
Obviously a Zionist conspiracy
Somebody Else by The 1975
Anything by Amon Amarth or Cannibal Corpse, but those two aren't really power metal.
Oh shit, waddup
I think it would be cool not to look like a zebra anymore
When you try to flip the joke on yourself but it's all true
idk what does baku thinks of him self tbh, legit he has no standing point talking about deku's powers as it something that is related to him.
I know every knows it's going to be a fence at this point.
Please do make a post here if you make your own game studio - that'd be awesome to follow!
Woah there this sub believes she is completely genuine and did nothing whatsoever to pander to the audience so you need to get with the hivemind.
Of course it's flat.
Just roll Horde cos Bloodlust is on page 1
That's what I'm talking about, now this guy is serious about his personal space.
Well once the M+ counter starts you're safe to switch from your queuing set with the maximum ilvl to your actually working gear set.
Yeah.. I wonder if he has any good lotto numbers too
So, wait, do you mean they're in the MIDDLE of the recount or that they're still counting votes?
Obviously
That last page... HNNNNGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG
low wage shit holes
Yes, of course they sell confidential documents and information to third parties.
Being surrounded by Pecker (Green Bay Packers) fans.
except MK has twice the burst of TA and a much stronger laning stage...
What are crowns?
Stiff like a board
That's because cavalry are really OP in civ6, especially with Scythia's double bonus to them.
hehe 420...
You forgot the
fuck miles
Crowd funding whereby 50% of all donations go directly to Activision and 50% is put into the prize pool, we could be onto a high yielding profit model for Activision rn
Thought this was some of the most informed AND balanced coverage I have ever seen for BTC, from a major outlet no less.
I would.
What a crappy mirror...
Lupita Nyong'o, Eva Mendez, Salma Hayek, Rosario Dawson, I could go on for days, but I'm an evil apostate so I guess it makes sense I'm attracted to dark skin.
But, it wins Jeebus' live.
Did he pay Putin 1 billion for a back rub?
If they introduce any chemistry mechanics, he would be so valuable
NEVER saw Sanders do that.
Maybe if you dont mind animal cruelty, jeez
The human eye cant see above 30 anyways
He has so many great lines.
Sorry we only have chopping boards.
The ones you can afford and reliably use to hit a target are the best optics.
What did I just witness
Or maybe you're so bad everyone left
Apparently Epic fucked up with GoW3 because there was nothing to be learned there
But..but this is ThanksGIVING not ThanksTHREATENING Sam!
And have Mexico pay for it?
She got a move or two named after the KotR, IIRC.
its not fully accurate though
...its just a prank, bro?
resend the link
good evening fight
I've seen danker memes but overall it's a solid 8 out of 10 with rice.
But borders are racist!
Soros strikes again.
Go back to your safe space, you stupid libcuck.
You can't trust the liberal media.
All those people getting $40/month in food stamps are ruining the country.
They hid the secret to making creamy risotto, so fuck them.
It doesn't have enough labels, so I don't know what is happening.
Don't forget that we need to bully fat people because they are bad for society.
Yup.
Nuclear power plants just wouldn't make sense in a country that has as many natural catastrophes and such loose laws like Germany.
Oh you sweet autumn child.
C'mon it's just getting good.
We want someone who will fix all of our problems for less than minimum wage, is that so much to ask
Damn homeless people, can't they go somewhere?
But what if I want to have a frank discussion on the merits of [Heil garbage trucks](http://www.heil.com) versus those made by competitors?
Quiero jugar con tu huevos.
Speak for yourself
The Clemson has a much shorter torp range and struggles to stay undetected when working offensively in open waters.
That Trump fella certainly surrounds himself with the nicest people.
Rather "don't swim through water where you don't have naval supremacy"
Looks like they finally fixed all the problems in Deadrising 4.
Your closest neighborhood/community center will likely be the most accommodating for bringing in food/drink and likely the most affordable
How iconic can it be when one vote out the other?
Well, if he crashes the country we won't have to worry about those pesky immigrants!
That's gonna be tough.
Trump is bypassing the whitehouse press media!
594-0372
We've been discussing making modmail public actually.
Yeah and think that Blizzard is a small indie developer they can't handle it
Just imagine how much higher Kasich's would have been then!
Cool, that should stop a country invasion for a little while.
Well, it's what they get for having sex!
He doesn't need to, he's white.
I'm sure the Republicans would care so much if Melania was walking around in the nude all the time...
No, that's all left wing conspiracies.
They said it's a hotfix for issues last patch.. check your new vgs commands and report back fella, not sure what else maybe included.. thanks for reminding me to turn my Xbox tho
Funny t-shirt.
no, u don't even realize the white genocide that's getting worse
Also many characters are robots.
get TROLLED XD
Only way he stays is if he balls out the rest of the year and they give him another contract before he hits FA and he agrees to it...if it is even possible.
I don't know if you understand this sub
Please sweet baby Jesus.
lots of customs
I feel like it's more likely that a huge majority don't want kids, have them anyway, but don't change their minds about not wanting kids.
Does druids aoe heal really give you buffs?
Glad to see the city doing everything they can to improve traffic.
Eh, AD will probably have a super team by then.
To be fair, they need to stop hurting his fragile little feelings.
In other news, it's usually quite rainy in the Pacific Northwest...
I bet Beck takes great care of his wife's children
From what it sounds like, its pretty easy go extract yourself
If the wrong one has the keys, you've got a Batman comic.
If this is something we do, we need to have some "cabbies" on our team monitoring the flickering lights when the pizza is delivered.
I'm too salty to appreciate IT rn
r/Fountainpens frowns at you
The worst.
No, just Beta.
lol its not scripted what are you talking about
Oh.
Holister is a senior editor at CNET.
i'm sure they're trying to correct the record.
What's the difference
Have you TRIED Kale though?
2 spots left
hit it with a wrench.
Raidhyns always been nice to me :( Also I had to make sure his comment came before the non-dev
Reddit broke like BFGL does half the time
yeah it's so annoying when people voice their opinions
Don't worry OP, I bet they're just jealous!
A box of noodles
Right on man, ABP: Always Be Punching.
Jobs would have never allowed this
Yeah, and he should send it my way so I can make sure for him if it's a defect or not.
He has a name though!
That'd be the first time anything Apple is cheaper...
TIL it was from migraines.
yeh I membeeeeee!
Definitely a startup company!
They did reduce the amount of heat produced by adding a copper plate beneath the sticker, which apparently reduces heat significantly (it says in the article)
Destiny.
For the record - they had posted it as an internship - implying little to no pay.
With how completely disjointed TW and WW have become in just the past few months, I would actually expect Chalfest Maki, especially since someone's already posted the event page with the dates... :/
"I liked it until it be came solely devoted to political shit" But hey why would anyone ever want to get away from political nastiness right?
It was all down to Suarez
Gorgeous!
Run them and their ten government-subsidized organic coffee shops out of town!
But... But... It's great again!
Hobby Lobby was where I spotted these.
Am I reading correctly that the MTSO report is dated in January but the FBI report wasn't until March?
Apparently as of new canon, Jango and Boba are no longer Mandalorians... :(
"It's not my fault the president walked in front of my bullet!"
what do you do for money?
You couldn't cut the tension in that room with a +3 longsword.
2meta2fast
I just think that we need a new class called "markswoman" as some people may be offended that Jinx is considered a "marks*man*" just because she has no boobs.
This way anyone playing Coop can learn to pre-fire bc that what we need more of
It's only while he's in queue.
Same here, tried doing zulrah for diary and just died over and over from thenlag... :(
You need to see a cardiologist if you're passing out.
I should also mention that I've had their backpack for 3 or so years and it's held up great through rough every day use.
Wow this is literally what happened to my brother, and makes sense why he hates school, and couldn't be held back when he really needed to so he could learn.
Narwhal society?
OMG do people really NOT know this?
Banged my wife for him today, thanks!
Sci fi bounty hunter sounds fun
The cringe here is the subtitles for the lady that greets him when he boisterously enters the room "set them down somewhere" is just such a vibe killer for this dude.
Duclair learned an important lesson there.
All of those look amazing!
Young professionals are clearly the scum here, not the person rattle-canning their (probably rented) house to send an offensive and fruitless message.
But why?
Clicked for "angry"
Dan case?
Did the scamming take place from here or hardwareswap?
That's still only 1 free damage per turn, you'll need coldarra drake to make it an instant win.
Brietbart should write an article called, "How To Spot A Black Supremacist" Let's just bait ourselves into civil war
I've seen most of these before, but in color it makes them more "real".
Then they can't be surrounded by conformation bias.
Scott decided to redesign Nightmare Freddy, it really paid off.
Pink Pearl might be a Dishwasher, it's not unconfirmed!
Exotic Butters kills Purple Guy, he's lactose intolerant.
Did you just assume I have a gender
So because some people don't understand PGP you think that it's not important?
Avoided looking at her so she wouldn't be creeped out
Happiness
You forgot the
Yeah because those people are running our government now and doing such a great job.
30FPS lock or riot!
Have you hit your yearly datacap of 50 Megabytes yet?
Idc, dumbasses prolly deserved it
Your first mistake was putting stops on what should have been a long play.
Super sensible comment in a thread about calling aots for 40 ongoing shows
At least 10
Was this around Houston?
They're protesting your ignorance, can you not read?
I guess, I can see where you're coming from.
what a bargain on those crimson chaks
If you still find them for $110, let me know.
Apparently, OP encountered someone who's figured it out- the rest of the world has been wrong all along.
probably because YOU'RE 2 MONTHS LATE BUDDY
If something is efficient and user friendly it usually tends to go unnoticed.
Is it that dope us robotics external?
Relax
No, Natasha filed a restraining order against Matt because he kept bumping into her, so he cannot be within a 2 mile radius of her, thus they cannot be on the same screen together.... unless they get a very very long screen.
The country is falling apart because my neighborhood now has three of those "browns" versus one in 2009... you know, the ones who are a little bit darker than pasty white.
Telefunkens are obviously amazing but since I can't afford one, I am very happy with my blue woodpecker.
*gasp* say it ain't so!
Why would they store grain inside a temple?
Irish isn't a race so totally not racist bro
Sorry, forgot the
To which a Trump supporter simply says, "I don't agree with everything Trump says" - end of story.
Sounds to me like OP knows exactly what they're doing.
Bill submitted the cookie recipe for that dumbass election cookie contest; he seemed cool with being First Dude.
This is what happens after a long breeding chain.
I'm somewhat surprised he managed not to assault anybody
I'll be the rouundabout
Use Google Sheets to track bets.
This does have a good message cause Men are more likely to have deeper depression and more likely to kill themselves than women are cause society make its look like if you talk about your feelings you are a pussy, I'm really guilty of it to like a lot of men that understand this still won't talk about this cause "it's not what I should do as a man."
Have you ever gotten a shoulder down?
Maybe they can add the rest of the game on Pro
psshh it's all about using tor in a linux VM
Snowball get down from there you're ruining the tea!
Crota has a hard mode?
True geeks.
Not unless that's his usual Sunday afternoon routine.
Or an acupuncturist or naturopath or ...
So, would that make having sex with mules the fun part of your fact?
We do what we can.
If he couldn't remember them, then obviously they couldn't be very important departments.
Well that's because you are obviously a costal liberal elite.
chihuahua
The control of internet money was never supposed to get political.
So true, I've been busy actually but not drawing :&lt;
Brb, spending 1000 gold on Heroic Brawl to get easy 12 wins
Most useless award of the year lol
female space marines pls
What makes you feel that way?
i think you need a comma
But don't forget, Hillary had three classified e-mails on her private server!
It's cause they're the "best people for the job."
He was a product of his QB, obviously...
Yeah, it's really too bad I got on Medicaid and as a result didn't fucking die several years back.
Different colours
Huh, who would have thought that your gig as mall santa might not be the best place to make political jokes?
It's his biggest strength and weakness lol
You gotta post the rest and slam me!
Making this my phone background
History doesn't really repeat itself, but it usually rhymes.
I really dig this style!
Yup, the FBI never mentioned anything about Clinton emails.
Is this the part where I rant about how Walmart is ruining the world?
Tit master theater is the pancakes
by the time this hits phones it'll be 2018 and 950 will be 2 years old; they can jump off a bridge at that point ;)
Is that colored dude a white person too?
This is why endorsements from celebrities always mean a lot to me, they truly understand our troubles.
That goes both ways.
reminds me of a a time in college where we ordered a large pizza from all the different pizza joints in the area at the same time to see who got was fastest.
"Well folks, it looks like we will be on the runway for about another 10 minutes and then we will take off."
Immigrants taking our jobs again...
And if you go to the hospital because you've taken a fatal dose, all they can do is make you as comfortable as possible while you die an extremely unpleasant death.
You forgot the
42m gp/h not bad
It's certainly not because of how he plays the game--it must be because Thorin happens to say so...
Nice red
It's an enjoyable track for sure
You obviously have never visited India
Bring back old wits end and lets see how long your mana lasts :)
Fuck vaccines though right?
I'm not disagreeing with you, I'm just saying its a big learning curb and I'm not asking for a nerf.
This looks absolutely awesome!
My plan is to crowd-source a plan.
85% of all NA pro players are replaceable by nearly any 6k+ EU player that speaks fluent English.
Shit, the front facing camera, Fly 12, is $350.
Oh okay then, that seems reasonable.
Liquid needs a new 5th
Will you support the eventual Sunrise Nominee?
Brain?
Can't we compromise at 3/5?
Didn't like the user experience and can't change default search engine from yahoo... so app deleted :-)
Election day is not during the year 2016 so it won't happen
Mister Potato Head looks a lot more authoritarian than I remember.
The same thing used to happen to a friend of mine with a Galaxy note, he removed ciara from raid and gq's squad and it stopped to crash, so if you're using ciara try ti swap her out
If you don't like slavery then you should just move somewhere else!
Sir, I think you dropped the
Trying to flip without using his left arm
Dude they need to cancel the game out there, think of the players health.
R/thathappened
console peasants!
So this scene is totally fake?
The enemies gate is down.
Allegedly
REPOST
Yeah I only run Black Hole on mine
Rather smallpox than autism
Wow, they must be really unlucky teams to be matched against such heavy amount of CC without having any of their own
How long were y'all married for?
not to mention one SE or decently stacked stuns and she's still fucked.
Well it doesn't have his name on it *yet*.
So much for transparency
But they're all without sin so it's cool.
Thrasher tho
Oh yeah man its that easy
Won't join them, then.
"PUSSY!!!"
Only a burger would say this.
She needs to go in a Model S next.
For real, people see the comments from OP and will instantly downvote it.
I think they'll have fish fingers with baked beans afterwards too
What do you mean, like how it's meant to move with it or it follows the scope or what.
gratz he's really strong and fun to play :)
How dare you quote a Papist on this subreddit!
My first thought was bareback D.Va and now I'm disappointed in myself.
Because, "It was just a joke man."
James rides the clutch?
Is it just me or does Parker's voice when he says "Jeeese bluh bluh bluh" really annoying?
I'm sure Liberia is just swamped with citizen requests from white people...
No, I think they want lower tips and more penis
He's that guy
His transmog is... insane, for lack of a better word.
But punishing false accusers makes legitimate victims not come forward!
woooooooow, thoooooousands...
Sporadically, and every time it's said it feels forced.
bon iver la
Yeah, to keep out ZOMBIES, not to keep out MEXICANS.
Biiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiirds
The Force Awakens
Nah
:)
Looks a little similar to the 01-05 Volkswagen/Audi flip keys.
For a total VRAM amount of 2000 GB.
same, i hated this one
I bought mine around a month and a half ago and I'm at 9.4k, I also have no life but it's doable
Yeah my bad I forgot the
I've never seen KD shoot like this before I think he lost his shot
On websites trying to figure out how my girlfriends parents could have died in a fire at a sea park.
uhh... yep that's new alright personal tip: never try anything new ever again
Close.
what a filty whore
No offense, but the broken english used makes me not want to read these anymore.
I thought he evolved at 40?
I know one guy but his dad was one of the biggest super7 Lito winners in history and the treatment was experimental and cost them most of their winnings in the long rum
CPU = 24 C Mobo = 28 C GPU = 32 C Storage = who cares lol
and Youtube, that's a massive concentration of bad grammar and sayings that have been overused for 5 years
Mmm you can smash mine as well ;p
I was thinking the Folger Shakespeare Library.
So he can graduate transfer to SC!
Yeah because the classic Hollywood didn't have any kind of censorship... and didn't make any masterpiece with soft and no belligerent movies.
Yeah, but you wouldn't be that good on console.
Eskilstuna represeeeeent
Yep, the creators of the format and the acronym are *totally* wrong about the pronunciation of the thing they created
Link?
Two of the teams backed out (2nd na team and Chinese team) so they changed the schedule and just gave the seemingly strongest teams the semi final slots.
California?
Any recommended mods fot Civ 6?
Even more terrifying if you don't know that you're not allowed to get off the bike or out of the car.
Knowing reddit you're gonna get gilded for that
I have been out of the game for a few years and legit thought I played these poorly especially the QJo, so I posted to find out.
The weird thing is I don't have the paid version of ES on any of my 3 devices and I don't seem to have the problems people are talking about.
Fun fact, the American Vicks inhalers contain L-methamphetamine.. Unlike it's mirrored twin, It has no recreational benefits and pretty well only acts as a vascoconstrictor.
Garfield had some serious heartburn after years of eating nothing but lasagna.
HOW DO YOU DEAL WITH YOUR PRIVILEGE?
Sure, because psycho whores are high-value targets.
Better to die free than to live in a cage
But, I've been lifting for two whole months and I haven't seen any results on the retarded lifting program that I made up and I need an edge!
Needs more monitors
Slower, you slut
Many things, but walking up to the house just knowing there is a little buddy just waiting for you to come in and that explosive excitement when they see you is at the top of my list.
PsychoPass, Madoka, Ergo Proxy, Lain, Texhnolyze, Monster
Exactly
moncrief
Well, what else is there to do when you've been locked in a building for that long?
I don't know why you're getting downvoted
Classic gun-show loop hole.
Please, we all know holding A and B when the pokeball closes GUARANTEES a capture
Indy and NASCAR races are longer than F1 races, yet announcers are very happy with that... I'm not sure shorter races are the answer.
Well we'll talk about that next year lol, I'm ready to bet a lot that McHonda doesn't even make the top 3 WCC
[VVY] Yes
Riot says you should already have your friends IN champion select, so having the friend list would be pointless.
Are there any memes in the splashes that are as annoying and outdated?
but call of dooty !1!1!1!1
dude you don't understand all my friends are in gold now and I'm still in bronze because of the shitty dynamic queue
Are you guys still doing the nugget thing?
Can we send them to special "camps" too?
oceans
And here I was thinking it's only gay if boots touch
You should have complained about the location of the autograph.
America should take up its white men's burden and tame these savages already!
He would and he knows.... But wait until he is in office for the RedPill to be release.
*and that was the last time anyone saw him*
TIL kids in the hall is Canadian
Yeah, if it weren't for those uppity folks like Rosa Parks, and if they knew their place, blacks would viewed far less badly in the US...
Jason Bourne, it's Jesus Christ!
You sound depressed, take good care of yourself.
She could be married to a white guy or mom remarried and the family changed their names when she was younger
According to Jerry Jones there's no conclusive evidence that these concussions even cause long term issues so Idk why new helmets are needed
this game is going back and forth ffs
Nope, ND bucket is better.
JU BYOU KEIKA!
There's not much players above 3kmmr in Chile or Peru.
Yeah was posted on there IG a couple weeks ago over one of those electric glass balls that make your hair stand up when you touch them has an engraved palace font p on the top
Trogg no weak
Looks like a short, fat Bullwinkle
Because we all know if you don't get a tire 1 psu your computer is garbage!
There's a Duff energy drink.
It would be David Johnson pls.
In dutch opa means grandfather
yep, especially at high enrage, it's an inventory slot you'd lose.. which can be the difference between living and dying
Yep!
Are you serious or just trolling?
Can't wait to get some of that Pottsville Piss.
Not all Trump supporters are white nationalists but all white nationalists are Trump supporters.
Really I thought they still had a chance
"Maybe we might come to Indianapolis" said no band ever
With a USB-C (Standard) instead of lightning...
You forgot the
Yeah just look at their planned economy and constant focus on ousting the destroying the Bourgeoisie!
Huh, $6 is a lot less than I thought we were paying Backes.
I don't get it, that doesn't look like anything to me.
Trash.
Because while the other boycotts on every other CoD failed, this one will totally work.
No, the pharmacy is located in the back of the store.
Yes, and the *Democratic* People's Republic of Korea is a democracy
How dare you imply a female isn't capable of such monstrous acts.
Skydiving for the first time.
Death, taxes, and Sunday morning bullshit from Ian Rappaport
Very specific.
Lol but it was illegal how would they obtain it?
Obviously, what do the Russians care about Americans?
Like what?
yes they can what are you on about
It would cost a lot more than 1.6 billion dollars to build that facility in the USA then pay higher wages to American employees
He said 99% not 100%
He's on his way to Vegas or through Waivers to GR if he keeps it up!
All you need to know is $$$
Dunno, I watch ASMR with the sound muted
A fact she's probably acutely aware of and upset enough about without OP pressuring her...
Who dis?
Did you do the back tat?
I would think this would trigger the "act of god" clause in these contracts.
But wait, isn't this a dead game?
Incest wasn't a thing back then.
No no we don't know his name
If you use actual laundry soap, do the stains go away?
It's so beautiful!
But the refs!
Doesn't that describe every woman?
Vivek needs all the help he can get
I watched that match from the second row at 12, the electricity in the arena when he won... That's something you don't forget.
Have you considered not being poor and just having both versions of all of the frames fully forma'd and set up exactly the same?
Such a glorious picture
BASH
Obviously take the gold generation mastery, faggot.
How can you pretend to care about lore when you can't even spell Astora properly?
I wouldn't go so far as to say top 5 in the world (after all, Korea exists), but I definitely agree that he's one of the best in NA, even though I'm not really a fan of him
If i was that hecarim i woulda flashed that
That's beautiful.
Nah, they're racist.
Not getting autism
Mercy might be better for CoD players: her health regen is automatic, she does a surprising amount of damage, and when you get attacked and die, your team doesn't really care
Yeah because the hammer and flat head approach is way more manly
[Triangle 17 prob: starting at the top going clockwise: 1 9 5 2 4 8 3 7 6]
It freezes because it's loading and caching the effects (so it just happens once), it's nothing to worry about :P
Just saying, if you got your console from the US you can still get the NA events by changing your location to US.
Is het ergens mogelijk om te laten uitrekenen wat dit voor je huur huis zou betekenen?
This sub is better at calendar events than Bungie
Is that ghostbusters 2
Don't be silly, Ragen is a world-class athlete, and future IRON-WOMAN!
HOW DARE YOU HAMSTERS ARE LIVING BREATHING CREATURES
Dats racist bro
Did you know that according to the horseshoe theory those extremes are actually really close to eachother?
Well how many conservatives do you know who are atheists?
I would suggest you not do so in a hotel window in view of minors.
Runescape economy is perfect.
Since if a L4 missioner ain't gonna salvage anyway or even loot sometimes, just providing warp ins and getting 20% of the salvage/loot is worth it.
List it in hardware swap you'll be fine.
The dude has a weird haircut
I get that this a joke, but a single game dev on a large project has little to no control of the overall game (nor should they).
You forgot the
Anyone know of a service that will handle texts as well?
Im assuming that photos of massive stacks of small arms and ammunition are going to be posted shortly.
Thanks.
selffusing is a noob trap, sorry you got cough
Yeah all that child porn on YouTube
I mean don't you pay more in gas driving the extra distance?
Imagine if Hillary Clinton were caught on tape talking about grabbing men by their dicks.
Presumably "in charge of" means not entirely alone, so we could assume he has people to operate the security systems and he is there in a tactical capacity.
I don't think you understand the monetary or logistical cost it would take to send a bunch of Note 7's to third world countries...
Those results are planted by George Soros to undermine the radical incel agenda.
I'm sorta disappointed you're not typing in Gamz's quirk with that username.
depends what kind of mood you're in, if you feel like spending a huge amount of time in 1 game then go for witcher 3 (100+ hours guaranteed), if you feel like a bit of mindless fun i'd say diablo 3 (it's just walking around following quests tapping buttons to attack), if you're looking for a game to pick up every now and then, I'd say mad max, fun in short sessions, gets pretty boring if you play it for too long though, and if you've played the batman games before, then you're in for more of the same with arkham knight, slightly bigger world, the batmobile (can be annoying), still a good game though if you enjoyed the others.
Insulting the next POTUS is a brilliant idea when you are a powerless country who shares a huge border with the US!
Someone's awfully butthurt... Just because someone did what you don't want to doesn't make their decision wrong
Looks a bit like a Tartiflette.
I think they need to nerf his attack range to the standard melee before they go nerfing his passive.
why you no make eye contact and give finger while walking out the door?
I'll be behind you with the turn signal on the entire race going slow to finish the Chaperone quest...
There was a trick to it but it was definitely possible.
Nope none of that ever happened
Underwater ice hockey
## #LOCKHERUP
You can use the RBA section to make ss coils for temp control, otherwise all tfv8 premade coils are kanthal and meant for wattage mode only
Thats insulting
Ok now we're just wasting time...
Who all seen the leprechaun, say "YEAH!"
Yeah they realize they haven't laid any eggs.
That's because real life criminals act like fictional bad guys like Tom Marvolo Riddle.
Found the libtard.
No, in the future everyone will use Sublime Text exclusively
Why play condi engi when condi ranger can do slightly more damage with a simpler rotation.
What's the DNC?
Alright that's a bit much lol
*Myanmar
That green variant has a dollar sign instead of a bat on his chest.
Btw for u10 the slowmungus is extremely effective.
Definitely a casual match.
No worries mate
Could you expand on that a bit?
Should've thought of that before *choosing* to be gay and going against God.
I'm not voting, because the winner has already been decided by the Illuminati.
Once you cross the border and they see it, they'll have a record of it regardless of any expungement.
To put that into perspective that's more then the population of Canada.
Yes.
Clearly not having weight from the other arm and a lighter leg gives him an advantage
2nd - How do I delete the site?
"Water burger" -young Texans who grew up on it "What a burger" -transplants and people struggling with English Its a weird case of people pronouncing it wrong being the people most familiar with it
Its just OP wanting people to tell him he did nothing wrong.
how far is it nego?
I don't want to poison the well, but it would have been better if all these jokes wouldn't have been by one user.
I'm 3~!
Well, he didn't used EMAILS so that's okay.
no
bye felicia
They gotta fight Torts' grit with their own grit!
IT'S NOT SOCCER IT'S FOOTBALL
Toast too crisp, 2/10...
Corey Coleman WR1 ROS?
God I can't believe that scrub went off against me so unlucky
It's an extra fan for the case
I know you said DM but were you willing to split?
I like how they use an image of a model for the thumbnail
She's terrified of moths and opening those biscuits that come in vacuum sealed tubes, yeah she freaks out and starts to whimper and it's the cutest thing in the world.
what a lazy argument
It's ok, Vaporeons are rare.
*Super Bowl Finalists*
A mother always knows
Is this an Illy commercial?
epic needle here
Chen is going to test of faith teleport you all the way hell, buddy
[](#silence) FTFY
The monologue's sequencer is lightyears ahead of the minibrute, and it can save patches to its internal memory.
AKA the Pencil.
when he finished second to johnson way back when, he would have been the 'classic points' champion :(
requesting rank S-TEEL next pls thank you
Last person to break a rule has to get up and get drinks for everyone if asked.
N-n-no, it's cause of society
All I've wanted to catch during the event is commons, and there's so few of them with all these gastly/cubone spawns.
voice chat
Where is your evidence to say that it is, because last time i checked there wasn't any.
It sure worked out well, didn't it?
God damn it Mehrunes Dagon.
abstinence is the only 100% effective way and even that fucked Mary.
Yeah sure let me just give you my login and password.
TRUE
Good point, we should fine them instead.
Rider nation, bro
Great, now the Spaniards are going to sail around unchecked.
That they are always responding as though they are people rather than what men imagine them to be.
The only thing it needs to be saved from is the GOP.
Fix and flip?
Are David's 10th OT up to par?
Gotta practice my Japanese man!
Because, as history has shown so far, Hillary Clinton is such a wonderful person and politician.
Probably something like "no, the country I was raised and born into has nothing to do, my faith only stems from a deep philosophical analysis of all the alternatives while I was in utero, upon which I decided to be baptized as soon as possible".
i love getting killed by a gun i have no access to despite being a prestige master
looks like you need armor fighting in gathering clothes is fucked
g502 is great.
You missed the part about the death camps, deportation squads, and white nationalism.
Adherence to VESA standards makes it a good VESA mount.
What a fucking shambles that organisation is
lynx lynx
What can't you do on it?
But how else I would play a 15k hero?
Next up, Trump threatens to sue the United States for not electing him.
I personally, prefer to wear them in the shower
Good thing those cops were there to protect those poor, defenseless Nazis
Fast enough to evade getting pulled down by his jersey and make a big pass to his receiver at helmet height.
I need a chicken cover of Adele's "Hello" now.
And all polls have only ever shown themselves to be completely objective and true with no ulterior motive.
And I think zajac just got hurt
They're making America great again.
I would steal everything I want from Wal-Mart and live my life in solitude.
11 to 12 is about an 18 stack... google "bdo failstack chart" for more info
You must be naive if you think cricketers know more about cricket than redditors.
I named my snorlax snoozy!
I dont think the protests should be allowed So, out of curiosity do you think the twaddell protests should have been allowed to happen?
HORRIBRU O R R I B R U
Millenials aren't without their backwards views either.
If you only play around, I would probably consider just 13.
You filthy prequel apologist!
yeah but wouldn't you still have a broken hand from punching a brick wall?
Wow, is this the one that stumps the legendary aussie shitposters?
Czecho-Silesia, I could cope with that.
When will we see the results?
Yes, but you need to have a fuel scoop equipped.
There is Wild Charge or Displacer Beast there to break the fall, then just land in cat form gracefully.
I heard he is also a first rate toilet cleaner, so having him as an ambassador would be huge as far as the hygiene of the British embassy.
It's a 3.
Fix this Nelson pls
I hate the new Kanye, the bad mood Kanye The always rude Kanye, spaz in the news Kanye I miss the sweet Kanye, chop up the beats Kanye I gotta to say, at that time I'd like to meet Kanye
I swear leonidas will never get value anyway against haven anyway haha, they always have banish against it or execute for the amulet.
I remember everything and WILL bring it up on your wedding.
Exactly, it's impossible to contribute to a discussion unless someone is replying directly to *you*.
I didn't think that would need a
I heard the left skid marks.
No i didnt get any shaven Wilhelm yet either, have you check the captains reserves?
Topher Grace for Eddie.
I would advise against going online today, just to avoid a possible fiasco like what happened when some people went online before release
Ya, I was just pointing a 970 will give performance similar to a 1050.
Found bungie employee.
YES
Hard to say, but it is a smart move for him as long as McHonda wins a championship before someone does with Ferrari.
Hey you could have just said the carterpillar looked to sexy for you to ignore, but this is a nice story bro.
Hey, woah now, let's not use slurs against homosexuals.
If that's true, then I hope I can return one of my pins to the store and ask for for a different one because I didn't know I was going to have to go through a trading process.
Just do one upvote and one downvote
What I think Kirby means is that by having a single unit alive that the boss cannot kill, and if the boss has HoT that single unit cannot overcome, theoretically, one can cheese the system for an infinite number of points via BC/HC drops.
Of course it's controlled by cucks (Google).
Yes... it had absolutely nothing to do with 200 assault rifles.
weak aura might be a good substitution (to show you procs and cd in more elegant way) instead of having the bars so close to center.
Well, they *called* it a success, isn't that enough?
Yeah, that really helps working class Americans.
Nope, it was because the KKKristian Right despises the thought of sex and demanded Clinton to have an abstinence only lifestyle.
TIL all of California = San Francisco.
I refreshed it 20mins later and it looked more or less the same, maybe there just not updating numbers properly :S
oh ok, he totally deserved it then
People, people, everybody people, everybody making a sound
fatty
did you bought cherub rock?
This is quality content.
It's a Supra so it has a 2jz right?
This is the reason I'm glad I was born before social media was big.
If they force a password reset before you can use any service, I don't see how its much different from a one-time-use login link.
PM'ed you mayne
welcome to poe's law use a
I swear I still see Aziza at the dollar store sometimes.
Lions fan here to apologize
Staal + miller, make it happen gorts
Did he also promise to increase income or just to reduce taxes?
In the words of DJ Khaled, "And another one."
Since I am a jew, I must be correct about this guy's need to fuck himself.
I agree, but it's still 1000 HP to take pressure off your tanks.
A Farewell To Arms ends with a baby dying during childbirth
Abe Lincoln's friend in Clone High.
you nasty BernieBros, how could you criticize her being corrupt with donor money, you sexist pig ?
John Tavares
A good person, since good people don't use marijuana.
Like a fuckin' tsunami.
I've already started downloading the fix.
Looks like a brand new razer mouse to me :D
There's also an old orange apple clamshell laptop for sale if anyone is feeling nostalgic.
Nah dude, they just beamed them up in one data "packet" and led the target
That's great and everything, but can we get back to how you can make wealthy business owners richer?
the Nintendo one not running is correct: I have both a PC and a WiiU since it's a console that remembers that consoles are for when friends come over.
Macabre flipbook
They say it on TV all the time!
I'm surprised OP didn't start with "I'm not trying to sound racist but...."
I bet you only say that because you're a black Jewish transgender disabled attack helicopter
I wonder why
Good thing he's got the lube :)
Pretty late to the discussion but shaman president
Rules are rules.
I'm sure she will be properly compensated for her injuries
You know, those rich Boomers that screwed everyone to live a life of luxury.
For example, you could hit them
Maybe don't watch the pens 2nd goal tonight... :/
Nah he's only playing to crunch some numbers
She did that when I was playing at 6:30pm...
There's no turning rate so spam the shit out of the right click and learn how to side-step dodge skillshots
I guess this means you're a noob
Im bronze so i cant tell you why empowered w is broken on rengar
Apparently you guys think they ordered them off Amazon from an arms dealer not affiliated to any foreign power and had a helicopter drop them off in the middle of a forest.
The sound his engine was making doesn't sound great.
Loving the new scan pulse!
Thank you.
Apathy, so much apathy.
To fill that gaping hole.
TIL cancelled is one of the many words americans spell incorrectly.
Grabbing people by the pussy
Abetz and Bernardi off screen throwing tantrums about 18c and halal food.
It's a poor design choice in the game.
All the subs for cub and lolis reddit used to have, then that shitstorm went down and we're a much cleaners place now
At least they have beautiful granite counters.
That picture isn't accurate at all; I'm not sure any of them are even old enough to grow beards yet.
Sure thing, have any contact information?
Oh, forget that, I could have sworn it was officially stated already.
What if I told you there is no cage?
Woosh lol
The HyVee Heros game
Man I would who's dumb enough to do that.
Jellal and Erza Gajeel and Levy Elfman and Evergreen Just from the top of my head.
Feel bad for him, as other than that he carried super hard that match.
Well she's serving her second suspension since August right now
I guess their introduction started off very sour.
I see you did your homework
I'd rather have us learn the lesson now (wake up the blind followers and pretty much show immediately why his decision was wrong), than suffer for years more and then try and fix the damage.
Full gospel mode?
Confirmed feature in next update for s7
me too, the heal glyph was unequipped for some reason
Yeah
Not Netflix but I'm going to recommend Boardwalk Empire, I really enjoyed that series.
Or they are required for November POTM?
Why blinkers exist
What if I overwrite Ctrl + V for a macro...
Bush's invasion of Iraq has lead to deaths of way more people than the Obama drone campaign.
Pls no.
That's the opposite of obstructionism...
The Hitachi Magic Wand.
Still on the mogami, the grind is tough D:
How many people on the street attempt to intervene in your business on the day-to-day?
Except not really because he tried to burn down a sentient creature with a homemade flamethrower in his exes' (or alternatively they won't even dating he's just delusional) bathroom because... I think he was jealous?
We went to different schools..
Hal Steinbrenner died?
Well, it's always after some election and before another, but we've got to change *something* eventually.
Thanks for explaining!
"erraauuhghhhh" "erraauuhghhhh" "erraauuhghhhh" "erraauuhghhhh" Hang on I got a call
All I ever want to know about gifs like these: How many tires?
Racist fuck!
White supremacy in the classroom?
About a hundred bucks cheaper, higher res screen, daydream ready (eventually), sd card slot, usb3, and higher mp rear camera.
Trump
how terribly unreasonable of them
all whites are guilty and owe reparations
I just finished my 2x Cecil, so now my Lightning is a Paladin :D Right now I am farming: Arc (39.7%) Gaffgarion (10.2%) Ludmille (82.6%) Ramza (55.9%) Zidane (29.1%) And then after that team, I'll be grinding out a team of 5x Shantotto.
What if all episodes are reversed though?
turn on the gps
I cannot believe nobody has mentioned German Shepherds.
Oh yeah, totally nobody said anything about his corruption before he was elected
PF
It is like a Peter Berg movie, but better!
Your welcome FTFY
I guess you're too smart for this sub
what's wrong with Instant Messaging God..?
NNNOKN0 SAV FOR KAIKEN BLU EVERYONE NEEDS VEGITO EVEN WHEN AGL IS BAD ON THEIR ACCOUNT
The best societies are all predicated off of the idea that only the healthy and physically able deserve continued existence.
Nice try Lao Che!
Don't think so but this needs to be tested to be sure
Is it because you should never need to turn the wheels to a certain range so they back it off to give more sensitivity while sacrificing range?
Oh god I can smell the bait.
You must really enjoy doing cloud stuff.
Hmm... I do wonder what it is like.
Wow!
Movie first so that you have something to talk about at dinner
I've heard its 1.7 mil/floor.
(No particular order) Kingdom Come, Superman: Red Son, Superman: Birthright, Superman: Earth One, and I'm not sure about my fifth one I'd probably say anything Geoff John's Superman I love a lot
It's only their fault when they sit too long and turn brown.
I know I feel safer already knowing this monster is behind bars.
Yeah spend $300 for a new console and $32 for the game, fuckin steal!
There's obviously more to it, but you're severely downplaying the difficulty of techskill in this game.
Brb gotta change my pants
Prime wengerball right there
HCSB
"Shoehorned into power in DC by the world Shadow Government.." This doesn't sounds like a crazy person at all!
Halftime ....?
Patriarchy.
Until certain degree, pride is good, negative prejudice against other nations not
I assumed that when they saw a thread on reddit with negativity they ignored it because who cares about the haters.
W10 too
Yeah geez, it's so good for the workers that they get paid less and less
Nonsense everyone, it was all a NASCAR conspiracy guys.
I thought too, was gonna be sad not to see him not play.
I promise you don't and nobody is watching anyway :)
me too thanks
I remember a time when the Broncos didnt even make the 8 :(
Gladion's theme and this rendition are both kickass.
Holy shit, stop buying packs now, you've hit the high point.
Why would Orbital-ATK sell them Pegasus-XL's instead of going after the contracts themselves and using their existing L-1011?
Except that means "Morning fucker" to the majority of Norwegians, at least with that spelling, which I'd say is more of a compliment than anything.
Don't you know that the msm is all part of team Hillary?
Lets forgive him of all his blatant lying and manipulation because he is finally acting like a journalist.
Still cannot into Space
Her friends gizmo/gadget
they have to play the full Extra time
The Leafs hate everybody
And then 0 in the 2nd Q. Suck it, Kevin.
he got one in his 3rd year
TYFYS
Let's keep committing crimes to make sure oil keeps getting spilled out of rail cars and trucks!
How'd you pull that off in gen 1, or their gen 3 remakes?
Because there's literally no history of any dominant first half teams choking in the history of the NFL ever duh
Tony Snell's celebrating eyes.
Thank you.
They're just taking the long view that fossil fuels came from living things.
Gyuhuk, global warming, HUH?
I'm glad Breitbart was on top of this.
Appropriation
Time to stop the smashed av matey
Everyone's a little racist ...
I think it says in the post 1-10?
Why does the wall need to be lightweight?
What does mentioning England have to do with anything?
I never liked Akira but I do appreciate it a lot visually and for introducing anime films to the west.
Alice Matos
At some point you have to grow up and stop playing the victim card and blaming everything on your circumstances.
no
Well, yes of course, but you're just an intellectual plebeian, so you're too ignorant to understand.
What do you mean, you're saying we DIDNT need 25,000 poor immigrants?
*wall joke*
Haha your kid has shit taste in beer.
nobody wants your love and affection
How do you taste?
To be fair some of my earliest memories are running dungeons with a shaman tanking, they could just about manage it with rockbiter and earth shock.
Or followers, prevents against scambots easily too.
yeah wow thats really amazing
"That's not why, he just wasn't popular enough!"
Well yeah but Hillary is clearly the better of the two so we should go with that!
Yea why equip Shiva on top mages so they can get ra spells, right?
PS plus is required for any multiplayer game except games like Journey i think where you get grouped with randoms.
But those pedophiles that wear dresses in the women's room, Jesus explicitly said that the Republicans should attack them.
Well you know, the doctor needs the sassy black nurse to tell him how to medicine
Can it be a Galaxy S7?
I think you might like the Postal 2's concept then.
What a great thread to start off the holiday season.
No no, I'm sure this round of pop psychology name calling is on the up and up.
If 8 drop into 9 drop is the new OP... I'm okay with it.
We still call it Jul here in Sweden.
This, also, so long as Friede stays away, she's just going to use her ice in phase 2 and that's easy to dodge, just like Ariandel's attacks.
Adolf Hitler
Dank Meymeys
I'm pretty sure being "ex-Google" is like being "ex-CIA" (read: you NEVER leave the agency).
We love Jason Smith.
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT WE ARE NOT BOTS WE ARE HUMANS SURELY WITH OUR TYPING KEYS AND OUR WIRED MOUSES.
I've found proper application of 3 speeds it up greatly, while 4 can help with the efficacy of 1-3
Bush did 9/11
This election shows that people vote against the candidate they fear being elected.
I mean bullets ARE supersonic, you aren't supposed to ve gearing them.
I guess that solves that problem.
Yea im pretty sure he fucked up, the HDD contained some weird folder like "Lost DIR" and some android folders.
Don't worry, they can't trace you if you permanently go incognito
The tiger is clearly sizing the man up to see if he will fit in his belly, much like a python.
Under a tree.
Unbelievably, yes, it was.
Thanks, Rosberg.
Of course, her laziness is your fault.
i like RBC because they have machines at Esso's.
Yeah nah mate go around lad
Its their fault because they were critical of us, they made us do this!
D
i can do 153 keys for any .
Couldn't agree more man
#AVLogic
I was hoping for memery but memeroy is close enough
You dropped this:
Finally good to see some positivity for him on this subreddit :)
HEY!
And AMLOR with crappy songs
Opening scene of Kingsmen
I did by the time I was banned but they never responded.
Uninspiring
Eh, both games had their fair share of overly tanky annoying enemies.
Fingers crossed for Battleborn 2!
Melted Pizza Freddy confirmed?
But how could they when cameras didn't exist 7300 years ago?
Anyone else think the term 'Dick Move' perfectly describes this situation?
especially if it's an old civic
The list of internet heros?
Yeah that's for mute only though, correct?
Because there's nothing in between that and feeder sitting
any finnish driver im sure no one has ever had any issues with tbh
nah bro u using the wrong dpi bro fix your mouse bro
Suez is my favorite map for sniping
Driver 2 for PS1?
Oh thats okay then
People would be on the forum with pitchforks if the only way to buy those two was for hundreds of dollars.
Spoiler warning on that second video, geez.
ah, the brTT effect
Maybe your babelfish is broke, refund and get another.
Bring back ocean liners!
jawab dekat allah
Les intensity and more volume, no?
I suggest the fedora.... it makes them panties drop...
it's not a Christmas commercial it's a "holiday" commercial
ye, academic dishonesty doesnt concern uoft at all
Until someone finds an out of map spot.
Should be.
The Thong Song - Sisqo
b...but lyfit/uber isn't like traditional cab companies!
probably "manspreading" on the lanes though
they caught the hacker though so everything is good!
The one scratching the ladies back and looking fierce?
I really hope we don't need to download 7gb everytime one of these new shitty theme packs drop
Forgot
Look at all of these apartment buildings that you can't afford to live in!
If we win this the defense owes him BIG.
This makes me sad
Good thing net neutrality is gonna get demolished!
Sadly we will never be using it :/ Would be nice to get this as a usable skill ...
I read it as "Could it be more thankful today"
Come to Chicago we have plenty of Poles...
Also tbh any S7 LSFYL gif that isn't Lovergirl is wrong.
That boy is a natural born memester he might deserve it
13
Fun fact
Yea but they are affordable to mage because we now they needed
but... but... starving African children and all that
Do you even know who he is?
You can only use 1 key.
Sort of looked liked you!
And this is why I love T_D
You with your fancy logic, get out....
Oooo I hope it's him playing the guitar raging about Twitter!
Is it possible that, much like airplane flights, you hear nothing about the thousands of perfect, high-quality experiences every day and instead only read about the exceedingly rare times something goes wrong?
Oh thank god...
Looking for r/robotwars?
Then you're a little bitch with a big rack!
It has most of the best features of a bullet journal in its design, but there's a bit more to it.
im in G2, gold 2 that is, im too good got G2 esports
Can you at least acknowledge Clinton's own statements support my post?
Watch out, here come Flashy Flash x Tatsumaki shippers
Wow your really sensitive
You're not going to fall for it again are you?
Sometimes, I don't know how Julie keeps her composure, I sure would have malfunctioned trying hard to hold my chuckle after that segment lmao
DNC indirectly bought the house because they killed that family member
T Thousand Foot Krutch, The Devil Wears Prada, Three Days Grace, Twenty One Pilots, Trace Adkins, Thomas Rhett, The Weeknd, etc.
YIDDO!
I've seen a lot of people who like it, but like the other guy, I haven't seen anyone say that it was a cornerstone or otherwise "strong entry".
You mean the corrupt (((liberal))) tools in the media?
Is it though?
No, it's all about that base, no treble.
I know I'm late but man I'm jealous -.- nice luck
Nothing unconstitutional about that
I mean, nothing says that just because you are going to sexually assault someone that you have to have stank breath while you do it!
We don't accept refugees from Cuba.
u fatties can have my poop.
This is literally not relevant to any current events
Found the Canadian
I wanted to try that but was worried about Prince Malchezar as a hard counter to Beneath the Grounds.
Spoiler, it was an inside job, a planned suicide
Dillon Gordon active next week?
*takes red pill* *Suddenly in my dad's balls again*
While we're at it, anyone know when patch 6.1 is coming out?
I think Wisconsin will have to die to Minnesota for Colorado to make the CFP.
And yet, I feel less sympathetic.
It is a cemetery.
I found them thanks
See newest post
I think people are finally getting over their Haden mancrushes.
#Best BF deal yet.
What an idiot... he's sitting on the wrong side of the car.
listen to this cunt^
Are there such things as girls condoms.
Well control wards give vision, so yes they will be able to see you if you're in it's range.. Though if you use your q then you won't be visible to the ward for the duration of your q stealth.
Let me guess, she's a backwards religious racist misogynistic moron who wants to make America hate again.
Jeremy has to finish his dinner first.
They sound like cats in heat.
moose with spaghetti is gooood
No, Omaha Beach is definitely in Allied Assault.
I agree, but maybe not a native speaker?
Thank you I'll check them out
That's good, make sure you write some ideas down for whatever you can, I find that when I'm tired I have a load of good ideas that might work if they aren't too stupid.
Boy do I envy you.
The worst kind of sticker :D
I hope we handle the bad reviews as well as you guys do!
Listen man, white hollywood liberals know more about Cuba than people who fled from it.
Wait, you're telling me that the majority of my taxes don't go towards lazy people getting free shit?
He's moving out of state, so while he's still going to come back to make some videos and such, he no longer works with AirsoftGI
That's some quick wit, queen!
I'd say that the fact Molyneux kept doing it over the course of over a decade is worse but whatever.
that's cool and all but one guy said he was rude
3.5/4 ^FTFY
Don't care about hugs
Yes, because the same CIA that didn't foresee the collapse of the USSR was obviously so omnipotent.
Obviously Incon wasn't the only problem, But he was literally, consistently, going out of position and feeding his fucking brains out.
Yeah similar to rock-paper-scissors where one choice dominates the other two.
peanut
That should solve the problem
Cuba's old bougeouise celebrates death of Cuban Communist, who'd have thunk it?
Yeah... that was a very minor problem compared to everything else...
87 overall Rice
something obviously broke but even before that there seems to be quite a difference in stiffness.
Wow, I'm sure you have a better handle on their situation than the people actually living there.
Respect Rogan but dont pretend to find this bizarre at all.
Im confused what his horse getting raped has to do with anything.
PMing timestamps
Karlos was looking good too, for a while... if only he could get his shit together.
Sebastian, but I'm not arrogant enough for that name
its simple: the only way that returning expats can benefit their country is if they do it voluntary if they wanted to do it voluntary, they would have already done it, and we wouldn't be discussing it so this whole argument is pointless
hah yea
yeah wtf
Yeah totally
I think they're in the shape of a heart.
Yeah, Bloodborne lore is not very confusing.
Yea, pretty much a catch 22.
Are you fucking mansplaining salt to me you shitlord?
Thanks for answering my question.
Maybe mind your own business sweetheart!
me too- but for the average padlock or even deadbolt around most of the US raking is pretty effective.
Why is that weird, you were a Lakers fan 5 years ago
Yah, he should be praising this revolutionary.
Thank you!
Goddamn that guy is so racist
Not if you have Big League High Upvote Energy
Yep, all old projects should be rewritten everytime a new standard comes out
But he will also be the coolest fucking person ever.So its a fair trade.
"fight"
In his defense, it sounded like he had no idea how any of that got there
A few fixes to AMD users, G29 users, audio and the steam workshop.
AB, W. Fuller (great matchup and third option behind miller, hopkins who are playing a PATs DEF), Nelson (great matchup potentially) but could be swapped with Mathews
I'm glad I could be of service
Syntax error: expected
It was the use of the two smokes not the fake plant
That was totally different, they thought trump would lose.
Alt-tabbing to blank desktop.No other programs in background
Do you just assume his/her/others gender?
I've seen them as the grand prize for the Scratch Lottery thing near Excellent Tower and Springdale Central Station.
also you're IGN?
Just what a bot would say
It stabs the air, causing it to move out of the way
yea, but we have them dank memes now!
You haven't even reached double digits yet?
It can't be because of their personalities or how they were raised no it must be because they are black
Maybe you should have attached a picture of a subwoofer to counter it.
never heard this before.
Crosby
Ahem, can't forget the Marlies
LETS BOMB THE BBC, UP THE FUCKING RA
militia terrorists, no doubt!
Don't forget the propane accessories too
Women get 12 weeks unpaid according to the federal government, which is plenty.
Yes, but it doesnt have 4k Blu-ray, best games and cheaper price
MSU got lucky in one game and then dominated OSU in the trenches and grinded for a win against Iowa.
*phew* Dodged that bullet!
You could always use VHLS...
F
Is that a Doraemon character?
Did you see it as blisters before?
b-b-b-but we have to seek to understand them!
Didn't know this.. thanks for the tip gonna try out later
He got the 1980's part correct
All scientists work for the Chinese, of course.
as they said its just for a few people, they will roll out for everyone later if everything is working fine.
Hahahahahahaha
However did this is autistic, at least wait for the a year to go by and post it on reddit.
-_-
Directed by M. Night Shymbalang
Fucking COD players
That's gonna take a lot of water...
Should have ended with them shutting the shades
are you interested in religious schismatics e.g raskolniks of altai?
Bondage 4's
I was hoping for $40+shipping?
German and English, Ioving the course so far!
Fuck.
You forgot the part about our refs being whistle happy lol
Shh, Google can do no evil!
lol gayyyyyy
Suicide jokes aren't funny but hearing/reading "a the log" gives me one less reason to live
Hey asians arent people of color, theyre practically white!
Hope he wasn't that good then ;)
England_military_tactics_since_1066.jpg
^ ^ ^ FUCKTARD ^ ^ ^
Hmm that is a tough one, ask planned parenthood they seem to have a handle on this problem
The incoming president elect lacks sociable skills as well so don't rule out becoming President!
Correct, you need to show your course list.
Obvi if he's harassing his ex it MUST mean that she did something to deserve it
Yup
Mods, how is this guy not banned yet?
loulex at UOL 100% confirmed
Toronto and Vancouver has same day prime shipping which is nice.
I'm sure Trump will come to the rescue
the fluency-thingy is based on the number of words you know and their "weight" in common speaking... so its only valid if you only learn words from duolingo (still a bs feature).
The visuals keep The Phanton Menace from being the worst prequel.
Is manmohan singh taking part?
Don't drag Linux into this
You're not the first to say that
... even managed to get Lydia out of my hair.
No, it's unsportsmanlike, classless and racist apparently..
What is GOS?
I thought it could be alt universe Green Baby but maybe
OLL, ZZ-CT, and CMLL I can't decide which one to learn first, so that doesn't help
Because it's *current year*.
holy shit i too am so upset that hamilton actually tried to win the championship and didnt give it away for free, what an asshole!
So what you're saying is that Trump came with no strings attached, so he's basically Ultron?
Nah, we are just tough on crime so we can keep our citizens safe.
Malachi's : usually super flamboyant gay..... Also anyone with a name starting with 'X'..... Xavier, xavius....cNt trust em!
Secretive?
Maybe there are none?
You mean before his accidental weightlifting accident inside a wood cabin?
But it's cold where I'm at
You need to double check your temps and husbandry he's obviously cold
I highly advice everyone to sign in with their reddit username and password there.
Make disgusting "cookies"?
i mainly work purely with my daw and midi stuff however soon i will start incorporating some guitar and bass into my stuff
She wasn't condescending or evasive at all in that interview.
There are storm widgeons so maybe it's a storm gadwall.
Excellent slab!
And that's just what they'll do.
VR is the only way this battle would be interesting
Fair enough.
That was pre-Bobby so it doesn't count
I don't understand the scaling, due to there not being a banana
how dare you not appreciate the 70s Kylie Jenner look
8Is there a thorough guide on how to use space chamber blocks to cut/paste buildings?
You live in a windmill and farm tulips with wooden shoes?
What if I told you NoahJ = 666?
Unless punished for this type of permanent ALL HANDS ON DECK calls for action, she'll keep doing it because it seems to work.
Eminem went to my high school (before I was there though), and I grew up a couple of miles from that trailer park.
If he's trying to avoid being cartoonishly knocked out, then he's already failed on that front.
Well duh, there's a MILITARY SHIP there!
Hey if your still looking for that tyrunt ive got a sturdy female with 5ivs, missing atk
...and Jill Stein would have won the election if so many were not discouraged to vote (or were just removed from the roles).
But you're a Trump supporter, that means you're racist, right?
If he challenges you to do it, you have to get the link to the fabled anita published video where she says things about 4chan.
Nah, Millenials are lazy
I parroted what history said as well as what Rivera just said as well.
I'd like to walk around that, and possibly swim in the middle
I hope that's a
DOLORES = WILLIAM!
Through this Reddit mostly :P
I KNEW IT
Yeah but is he elite?
Read into it is a very polarizing game
Then they shouldn't advertise it as being for *any* first or second year course.
I run a Qnix overclocked to 110hz, only game where ive had screen tearing recently was doom, that even at 115 fps tears, overwatch at 150 no vsync is fine, and League at 120 fps vs 200 feels very different
Was Price staring down his team *or* staring down the coach?
Because blowing up sidewinders and combat logging in an Anaconda is the absolute height of combat prowess.
Actually its alright to not look anything like her as long as she has big boobs
Wild salmon can be pretty lean (sockeye for example)
Obligatory "posting on Reddit".
I agree, there should be no fans at all.
I'm not sure r/incels does.
Fuck you
It's almost like there are nasty people of both genders.
Edit your resume to remove some of that experience.
"Pending will be refunded when we stop giggling"
Why does the top post have to putin a pun?
What is a pedant?
No, clearly you have to make a cleaner cut!
it looks like a tribute for good old Anivia.
when I'm losing, I immediately turn on one of hugegorilla vids and start to win again
Should of saved for blck firday when the games going to drop down to $30
McDonald's obviously
Run Barry, run.
To be honest, we should all be a little embarrassed by ourselves at this point.
Don't talk to me or my nuker or my queen ever again.
You smoke them for a good time.
Clearly you need to also start with an empty bank account and see how long it takes to make the money.
the globalists
Bon iver sucks anyway
"We elected an internet troll president" - Dave Chapelle
Well thank fuck you're not given to hyperbole.
EETS EETS
Well, at least they have the next generation of reality stars out of the 16 + P kids
It's was ok I suppose
personal opinion dude
But trickle down worked so well for Africa!
But how can you see Arthas's horse if it's Invisible?
It's no joke
So glad he helped us win the Grey Cup, too.
cuck!
Whereas a $15 min wage would solve everything
Better then eye herpes from all those rv games
I love to see more debris on the road instead of actual racing.
What is this clickbait arrow doing here.
This would be great for a Mars colony.
Oh no...
Remember kids, the brain is not an internal organ and taking care of your general health doesn't effect how well it functions.
Turned out pretty well for them eh?
Support the war, not the troops
Yeah, *that's* what doesn't bode well for society.
I charge 150-300 to edit resumes.
Is he also getting 'Szczur's Bat'?
The one that lead to him getting banned if I'm not mistaken.
Holy crap hoping for a shipping notification soon lol.
She's still a top priority in competitive, even if her Hero League winrates aren't great.
Yep, because even though there are billions of stars and planets in the universe this one is God's favorite
So beans and spinach?
We need to conserve the internet before it gets all used up
Just more 'Mericans practicing their second amendment rights
Jackrabbit and Collins said in their Instagram live feeds that they nicknamed the secondary NYPD (New York Pass Defense)
Looks like they don't teach mathS in America.
I have to say I'm really not comfortable with this.
Right, because America has had no criminals since they started allowing people to own guns
k m8
Where did those onions come from at the beginning?
Rubio needs to fuck off, right alongside Rick Scott.
Found our headliner
It is, but not until you finish your exams.
under budget and ahead of schedule....
Did you seriously not know that?
\m/ Also Fenriz is awesome.
And as we know, they're all flaming homos
I see she went to the Prometheus School of Running Away From Things^TM.
went and found the song immediately
not like those hate filled, sexist, racist white male Christians
That's just what the liberal media wants you to think!
Please give us more Xbox facts!
No problem ;) I am happy it worked.
"But they had cool healthcare!"
Let the Patches propaganda roll on in.. we all know he's miserable in Montreal.
Proco RAT, analog heat is just an outrageously overpriced fx for hipster lowfi house producers...
the commentators then went on to mention how impactful (sometimes negative like werth being thrown out at the plate) the 08 phillies players have been the past few games in this series.
You obviously haven't watched a Lions game this year.
Now they all have hepatitis.
A shame he died.
I played it for less than 2 hrs and got a refund haha
I'm glad they got the foundation done.
idk what you guys are talking about, I can't even tell it's a coverup
but.. but.. DEMOCRATIC socialism is different, it will work!
Well, I bet that gave him a headache
Yes, it's their culture which is wrong.
Bluetooth exists on the rest of apple's devices, use that.
You'll just discard them with the eventual Doomguard you'll get
Well if you're told you're infertile, yes it is.
Do you think I'd type all of that shit out if I were joking?
Sex
Oh shit I never thought about that
I LOVE BASKETBALL!
But correlation != causation!
Don't worry guys, it's not *real* socialism!
Why are the Zionist Disney CEO's pushing this savage religion onto our Christian children?
My next dog would be named Baku
We meet again alien!
Send the details in pm.
Why is it everyone says seeing stars is bad.... oooh wait a minute...
So literally not doing any part of his job.
Time for the Targa Florio
Jerry clearly thinks highly of Jack Z's drafting ability.
Holy shit I'm dumb, took me 4 reads to stop looking for a second person.
as korean goes, FIGHTING!
whiffzera
Let him make a point without defending it!
lurk moar then
with your tongue
The right totally cares about these things and aren't just using them for a talking point...
I think your phone autocorrected
Theyre still doing it in some critical counties, to be fair.
Probably because he's like "hey guys I'm starting to run dry here on design ideas so I'm gonna be out of the videos for a bit until I redesign the whole damn thing"
abducted by aliens
Well that's some gold right there!
Plot twist: Professor then makes test 1% of your total grade
We must seize the means of reproduction!
This and the ticket prices at the ACC.
Oh i see you forgot your
Check the 360rumors blog, it has a guide on how to do it.
How do you do fellow weed tokers.
"Samsung always copies apple"
You do if you're British now :D I'll see myself out...
Merrickole 400 titan
It's a selfie!
No I don't think there is a Holiday for that.
I came on here to post for The Hunchback of Notre Dame, but had forgotten about Johnny Got his Gun.
Pair the VMP with a bad connection and you have the best AR, SMG, LMG and Sniper!
I finally managed to get into this one and I fucking love it.
Nah, he's a bum who doesn't deserve to fight Canelo.
I can't *not* laugh
d
ShinBet usually do not advertise
A costly mistake for the world.
Why should I trust an outlet that has vetted only 100% proven facts?
I think a lot of it is that people will buy their gear(jerseys hats ETC), if the people on the team stream on twitch/YouTube they probably make some money from that, and of course if they win money the sponsor gets some
Unfortunately at least 10 monitors seems to be the ascension requirements now, unlucky
Drevas OE looks great
This is right up there with citizens that don't pay taxes for ~20 years or so...
I still use 2of those as my second and third monitor..
hey China has a great track record of building high quality infrastructure
Kick a Mexican
Ik heb geen zus.
God doesn't make mistakes.
Someone's getting a new Remington for Christmas, either that or it actually is a new bike.
Hubba hubba
Clearly that bench should be used as a place to dry your sweaty towels.
I mean a "N" does sort of look like a "W"
The spice must flow!
Cat.
cuadrado
We should make a petition for them to announce the game as a PS exclusive so we then petition it to be on Xbox
But... but it's still ok for women to hit men right?
Nick Foles numbers right there
RIP Spoole
Ironically he is
The problem here isn't that people change topics too much, it's that by the time you can get a word in it's too late, and it happens *every* time, and everybody else seems to be able to effortlessly get their comment in except for you.
we know it's the janitor, stop posting this!
5 wins occasionally grants 2 packs and around 200 gold, but usually one pack and 220-250 gold.
Generic is ok as long as its heavy
Why do I get the feeling this picture wouldn't be paraded like this if it was an American or British ambassador?
I've got some really great ideas for the name and logo
Nonono calling people out for racism is the real racism.
No fuck that all people who voted for Trump get a fork in the eye.
The Annoying Dog in a bikini was originally planned to be shown if you completed the game in a certain amount of time.
Just don't do it if you're black.
And just saying something to them is about all you can do
She could probably fit in my bin
And you just argued that 200-250% increase in labor costs will be offset by a 1% increase in the prices.
We have the best shitters in mythic raidswait a minute...
"fine" as in "the fine was fine"
Oh shit youre ranch dubois
Yeah but Rogue has all those weapon buffs
Their utility is switching to windwalker every now and then
Sir I think you need more than Neosporin...
Nahh need those recolors of Pharah and Winston first
Maybe they got the idea from how successful dumb tool tips were in Diablo 3.
I assume it's just a ploy to get a bunch of email addresses and zip codes.
0 to 1 is a larger improvement than .8 to 1!
Who's being aggressive?
If you're gonna gorilla glue you're cooler to your cpu make sure to clean it off with hydrogen peroxide first.
But the actual DPOY is the polar opposite, and never acts like an ass on the court.
but this kills the immersion
King and Gaines got robbed.
That's what you want us to think, you Jew bastard!
Totally.
But its OK, they will only use it to catch terrorists.
She handled that super well!
Unfortunately, he can't fly :-/ And that makes everything not worth it T~T
That Happy Days was filmed in the 1950s
shit son
Love it so much.
More Francie obviously.
This made me laugh way harder than it should have.
Because everybody in Gatlinburg has the same exact political views.
eh haram itu, tidak bagus untuk otak!
He's using the bully choke now and I think it looks pretty damn good, myself.
He opened Pandora's Basket
Enough with the overwatch clips!
Thank you
I got kicked on Predictive with this message while I was afk.
my thoughts exactly
Mmm that delicious "well-spoken" cliche
Oh but that was so long ago, who even remembers?
Someone put this man in faze!
Shit, guess I better cop then.
Fuck another one of Benning's horrible signings
Global warming lol
Cool opinion, bro.
Nah, if you're muslim in the middle east, just pick up a little girl from the street, bam instant wife.
Injection molding the color white is incredibly hard, which is why most consumer electronics are black.
The Hotel Zed marketing team is really bringing nostalgia back.
Basically.
If you thought Christmas came early, think again....
Goddammit I want this so bad but $40 shipping is ridiculous
ye
The great white comes to the rescue again!
and if not, better have 4 arms.
making it ranked again.
Yeah, there's absolutely zero data to be gained from everyones everyday communications.....
We prefer rohipnol-assited date raping in college.
Yes, they still exist in normal.
We've always said buck-eyed
Keep up the divisiveness, this is how we find common ground as Americans!
Roger Federer, of course ;)
We're probably going to run out of end-all topics for them to cover...
I don't understand why this is a big deal, that's what happens in baseball, adapt and move on.
Luscamine is clearly the protaganist, I have no idea what you are talking about
If only her opponent had that problem too ...
He can miss healing by intentionally not healing, yup
I'm excited for the Anubis buff
No he's just a cocky asshole who wanted to look cool with his hands down.
Yeah, that is breaking my fucking heart.
If you burn the flag you are LITERALLY shitting on the graves of soldiers.
But he's Young Savage!
Nah that's been out for ages, Half life also runs on it!
I own an austrailian shepherd and that looks just like her momma.
Yeah that's the reason Doomsday beat Hulk, his fanbase.
Whats the difference?
Checked it out and it's a lot available already, basically everything I clicked on was able to be downloaded
the difference is that rev was much more fun and there were so many new features you could do on that map!
Jeff fisher doesn't go 7-9
another bot
Inconsistent because of adrenaline though!
Lol hmmm good point.
Bortles is gonna have a much easier time passing than Bradford will, go Hurns
Ah so it all ties back to the religious right
Dude between this sub and the Packers, I'm under the impression that it's all Wisconsin fans know
Seems like a legit source.
I hope your serious.
looks like I forgot the
Ye, childish bambino, and Vic Mensa.
Is it the sucking motion that messes everything up?
I don't think I have enough space for that!
Thanks for the long post, I'm actually super gutted about how much I struggled - I lost a bit of confidence last weekend because before that I'd been kind of impressing myself with what I'd come out with on my past couple of events.
You just don't have the right temperment in your post
The US government gave up on laissez faire capitalism in the 1950s it's been going great since then
You sure he didn't use his short dash?
Upgrade the cpu to an i5-6500 and the gpu to a rx480 so she can play some of your steam games
Probably not
Did you just assume his fishing accessory?
Where can I find that?
Yeah because that can't be manipulated at all lol
It's no Hinkle
2/10 no Slaughterhouse Five or 1984.
Petition to change your opinion.
dont forget shroud
Ben Garrison has always been amazing at subtlety.
Kotaku has already had an article bitching about the boob physics.
There was a black ghost buster?
Shocker......
She wanted it...
But its her *style*...!
I would make a high-quality animated feature of The War of the Best, and the theme would be an orchestral/vocal cover of "Fight Together".
Psh, everyone knows the Old Testament doesn't count anymore!
SUBROZA SUBROZA SUBROZA
All the toothbrushes and soap we sent hem when in grade school.
Another outdoor game for Chicago
Well, he could put Wagner in over Donnal.
[](/ppreally)Seems pretty professional to me
paranoid anyone
sob sob ,you are so mean sjw
That whole thing just screams "adult"
after they retire Jeter's #2 all the single digits will be gone
ITS ALL OR NOTHING!
Shame that this wouldn't work for pc :(
They need to roll hard and do mothra mechagodzilla and ghidora for some giant monster action.
Street Sharks
Butthurt that the guy who is probably going to increase their budget won?
If your 'sarcasm' is just you talking like a sane and level headed person, you need to seek help.
When those jobs are automated in the next 5 years it won't matter at all.
Yea, I was just poking fun, no offense meant.
21-19 getting the ball to start the second half does.
This guy is going to twitter his google all over our facebook.
The hero we need.
What a relief, better spend All my moniez.
That'll show them.
It would be more statistically accurate if it were a black, hispanic or asian kid.
Its the top one, because the bottom one has too much lens flare
Mickey mouse club
This x 1,000
Archie League born again!
Yeah, because designing a card takes like 2 or 5 minutess each
if anything is going down in December it isn't Vega
I like how hype he was for Urien, how he was going to get serious and compete when he dropped... also saying "FGC don't like me, but I got an answer for that" and "no more talking when it comes to SFV" but just like a week ago he's not excited for SCR cause of pressure to compete and having to play against "derp" characters.
They clearly aren't aspirational enough, Ms May told me that anyone can succeed if they try hard enough.
Pirates 1&amp;2
Yes, they can bury the news.
Define trash.
it cuts into their profit
Sounds like a solid diet.
McDonald's for breakfast.
Not soon enough m8
then a quick sniff of glue and we're back to square 1
United are away at Watford
Yeah, and once we raise the minimum wage, the price of a one bedroom apartment will rise and we'll be in the same situation of leftists using it as a way to persuade the uneducated lower class into voting for them.
Where's the fucking trigger warning mate, this shit was too real.
He probably reeks of cheeto dust and spoiled ham, too.
\#NothingToDoWithIslam
No it's always my teammates fault!
307
And as we all know, judging a book by its cover is the best way to choose the leader of the free world.
Awww sorry about your cat :( Do you plan on adopting another one?
9gag
Typical cowboys fan.
Will my iPhone still work?
What where you doing to discover that bug?
Is Battlefield 1 that shit so many people are giving it away?
Hmmmmmm wonder what is faster?
#doyourjob
Best product list ever!
That's how I feel about our last 2 seasons
That's a very valid point that need to be covered
who could forget their first time beating it?
Obviously not bowling after the PTSD from the last two games
I didn't know they came with the Senn box/case... sweet.
Well with that combination it's no wonder you lost!
NO ARGUMENT HERE
My guess is this person also takes issue with people saying "Happy Holidays".
Do you even cloud chase bro?
what is, 5-11 Jeff Fisher?
Ah but as intelligent creatures we have also heavily invested in people to learn politics and ruling, and they have wisely decided that their pocket money is more important
no
It's because you fell into buying one of those fancy wooden keyboards that's all looks, but no fuction.
Black washing black PCs much?
I basically hate most people so I'm sure this will be me one day
Call me.... Ishmael...
I guess all the practice we are giving him is paying off.
Not a very well researched article...
Giamatti is always awesome, even in Lady In the Water,LOL.
He can if he has a dual citizenship.
Yeah cheaters would never do something like stream it.
$24 gift card.
Name doesn't check out.
Its salt for me.
No scientific evidence or anything but when I sleep on the bus I feel like I'm kinda mapping out my location and the route of the bus inside my head.
I'm sure the Latino's *love* it.
Ireland will always belong to the crown!
OP is a reptiloid
Well... he was born in South Africa, and he has a scary foreign-sounding name - he's probably an illegal alien here to steal Murican jobs!
"Did you *f^u^u^uuck* my *moooooom*"
*salute*
Idk, got a job instead
just make sure you don't run out of friend captains ;)
All unguided bombs.
Hillary's glass ceiling BTFO.
And insurance!
Ya, bring on the single-payer like Israel!
Floyd will Decision the Fuck outta him lol
Fortunately, she did.
And I completely agree with that
I was leading you on, sorry.
I got a WM paige AKA - DelRio's trashcan
neoreaction, usually in the form of monarchism or some other type of elitist nonsense
oh hey paul being a piece of shit that's something new
Yeah that plea certainly wasn't forced by threatening to tear the girl apart in court
He forgot the
well after this sunday, he will be 9 losses away from truly being .500
Android 8.0 Ouija coming to the KEY board near you.
Limbo~
The first ever sjw
eating his shit
it looks like a ps3 master for sure though ^(when i view a highly compressed 720p youtube video on my phone)
Funny how a xanax tard sees himself as superior to pot smokers.
Also the robe is 2 life
but... emails!
this^
Seeing this played against you feels like it would just be depressing.
Your very mature response has further contributed to the topic of discussion
Lol, why don't these poor people just do more with less?
Gotta do it on ultimate mode
You dropped this
No its from nost.
Because fuck having kids?
I give him 2 years at most before he resigns, he's too reasonable of a human being to work with trump for long.
Those damn beancounters... that wall can't get built soon enough!
Man, Matt Leblanc really let himself go after the Rocky movies.
Yeah, a really mediocre whip sounds lovely.
Now kiss
killing people you work with = wrong killing people who doesn't speak the same language, don't work with you and were born in a different land = right
Ryan Miller: 1.00 SV% and 0 shutouts.
20 million was a lot I admit, but it was worth paying it to get rid of her!
Yea, I'm sick of these people complaining about racism, it's only ok for our president to be racist.
Ay oo dapat lang para fair
Sexist game
I'm a vegan so I DON'T have to watch earthlings and not feel guilty about it.
All star wars has to be totally subversive like episode 5
Me too thanks
Aviation: "Request vectors to final for the visual."
Lucky we didn't get boarding on that one
tornado, because it doesn't do a thing to the tower
People still use Facebook?
Yes I'm sure non of them ever had unwanted pregnancy
Mmmm Picasso's, had a slice for lunch yesterday.
I'll keep that in mind if I ever feel like putting forth the effort to cook
no but she owned guns and ONLY CRIMINALS OWN GUNS
looks great but it just feels like the staff is the wrong way
No man, conservatives just don't *understand* liberals on guns!
Lightning storm twice into heal usually works.
Talking about the pro version.
This explains why my jungler never come bot
"but that's socialism"
b/c it was a bad game, duh
It was something-something about rotating the planet so avoid an empire.
Well technically silent hills was never delivered.
Skadoosh
Too many glitches, wont work...
I hope some of the custom maps modders will use this for a Revelations remake
I would rate Florence as the second loveliest city in Europe, after Lyon.
Here you dropped this.
Because natives had such a peaceful Utopian society before white Europeans got there.
Have you tried our lord and savior?
I think you really ought to join a run club... I've never heard of someone running a race every single weekend, lol.
Make Terrorism Great Again!
I didn't think anyone would actually get offended by this.
Not hating, but The Witcher 3 DLC was better
Whose name does the reporter mention as being Klopp's neighbour?
TALK TO THE HAND "Hello world"
just yesterday got that french guy who doesn't speak english and doesn't know mechs in a tomb4 party :^) fun times...
Well except that guy who hit freddy rip.
I guess when the fees get too high for me to make any money selling BTC I could always just switch to Onecoin...
No Way Jose, dancing around the garden with his No Way Hose, sprinkling water on his No Way Toes.
Yes, this is satire, and apparently most people are too stupid to understand that concept any more.
Didn't we just have the rapid Championship though?
Also, red is the best color.
Out of curiosity, what is the recipe?
TIL Ricciardo is not an alpha driver
That's all I'm saying too.
youre not supposed to swallow them whole
All he needs to do is stop being lazy and pull himself up by his bootstraps
Yeah it sounds *really* tough.
HAHA UR SO COOL
Well damn maybe I should code cheats for ESEA to make hella cash
Draintheswamp!
That went smooth
Source?
Or you know by 2%.. What a landslide
Shut your whorish mouth that's not how it works it has to be black or white not a mix
He was pointing his fingers at the people he wants to injure!
Did you stress to them it was likely some sort of scam?
alright, no need to brag about it
I am just impressed that this project was completed on time and on budget.
Maybe he likes BBQ and Cuban Sandwiches?
So this goal is set up?
The dirty poor people are holding up the line for me trying to get their WIC card out at the grocery store
I don't think it's very nice to compare anything to Maplestory.
Well the better brother Jimmy Hayes wasn't listed either so I guess it's fair.........
Not a problem, I'm pleased that the Sunday games are UK-friendly!
That's already been confirmed.
Aim for the head!
Oh I don't know about that... it was definitely better in Y1.
I'm sending a mod mail to get you permabanned from the sub
No, my point is that this journalist (or editor) picked a really stupid title.
Dirty Ass Bass Music.
I've got the same deck!
Been doing it for years and I've never noticed a decrease in potency or mold, I change the water once a week or so But if that were true then it's still a bonus cuz you can just drink the oil after and absorb that sweet tasty thc xD not
Is your sister single
When tapered jeans still look like boot-cut jeans by default... ^killme
Everyone is **really** corrupt
"Maybe I was crazy, OR maybe I was finally sane ...why does this guy keep staring at me?"
Maybe forced abortions but at gun point?
Yeah he should totally expect a bug that erase his EQ.
But your feet aren't getting properly washed (also no way to exfoliate them in the shower?????????)
Fucking Amen
It's also called a Portugal in India and an America in Peru
Why do you ask?
I mean, at least if you're a guy, you know when it's done
The Net Of Bowl
I'm glad I'm not the only one.
Yeah I was talking to my co workers who had been there since 2000 and they said the liquid smoke stopped about 2 years ago so just before I got there, but liquid smoke is probably a more original method
Reggie will, without doubt.
Well the only way you could oppose the president is if you're on drugs obviously.
I used to see this shit when I was in Kuwait... almost crashed into one too
She'll probably lose her job.
Man these final fantasy titles are getting impressive
It's real.. now what do we do?
forgot this
I was going to go on my annual museum run to Paris this month, but then I looked at how much safer art in Russia is, and decided to go to Moscow instead.
Hey Pi, I'm not sure if you're aware but could Intercept please be fixed at Castle Wars and Soul Wars?
Yea, well, you don't even pay for the road tax!
It's just a theory, doesn't mean it's true...
I honestly never thought of it as a women product, because in my country was always being promoted as a kids snack mostly...
Unless he isn't home, then the 12 year old deacon has the authority.
Well that's just hard to believe.
This parrot can speak better than me in front of an audience
In the long run, it's not helpful.
Paladin is like the priest who's just relelvant enough to not be looked at for changes, but just shitty enough to not see play...someday it will rise again!
114-114.....of course like any decent person
But it's going too fast for it to be a bird!
You should just put your phone down and go outside lolololol
new meta: only downvoted bugs will get fixxed
What happened to doctors and engineers?
LOL
I'm really surprised that no shots were fired.
1 for the everything
It's Obamas all the way down.
So my non-monogamous relationship isn't a *real* relationship according to what standard though?
I wouldn't mind that they're insufferable, if some other super attractive character wasn't inevitably obsessed with them.
Sexually perverse photography exhibits involving tennis rackets
kk
Definitely.
Well I mean it is a Thai poster....
oh yeah, because the Civilization series is known for being very historically accurate
Nah, just means your argument is the better one!
Or just don't be a criminal wtf.
Haha there's always a way if you try hard enough ;P
From what I gathered, Lydia and the warehouse guy (don't remember his name) would send the precursor to Chow who then was responsible for getting it to the laundry.
you missed
Source please.
Oh man youre right, this quote from **Sarah Palin** really changed my mind
It technically is Bush's fault
Negan says this in the show as well.
but reddit is sunshine and rainbows!
I can
Oh my god I didn't know I had been waiting for this question to be asked but I've been perfecting this recipe over the past 5 or so years: * pepper * chia seeds * sriracha * bonache hatch sauce * pesto * half a bag of frozen peas &amp; carrots or broccoli &amp; cauliflower or both * more milk &amp; butter than you need (I love almond milk and whatever the fuck vegan butter is) * handful of mozzarella Enjoy :)
You also don't really need to buy anything from here.
YOU FAKEASS NERD YOU'RE THE KIND OF PERSON WHO MADE ARROW S04 POSSIBLE
Don't have this issue (that I've noticed), but thanks a lot for making me lose my place in Reddit trying to replicate this!
The rain hasn't stopped for ages, and an evil corporate overlord has just won the presidency...
It's because Baker's scarf embraced all colors.
Bruh you can throw all the stats you want at me and I'm a big fan of Dlo but John wall is 10x the defender Dlo is.
He should take full custody.
there are people and/or bots that downvote _everything_ on this DOM
top 46
I need this.
That's almost as infuriating as your font
2nd
If we have to pick between Kevin and Kulak, who would you guys go for?
Hall of Very Good
Song lyric
I forgot the
Is this a copypasta
I would take a chance with Holebas
Your local church.
Oh yeah because the guy who play once a week and who got his ass kick by a smurf will want to play again
The Donkey Kong Zone would be bananas.
If you can't see how ridiculous this subreddit has become you are super gullible.
Edelman smoked Jerraud.
They are way different trebuchet is a beauty for sieging and ballista's are great for castle defense
Downvoting your comment to give you a false sense of accomplishment
fucking WEEEB!
I would assume that or ribs.
Whenever I hold a door open for them, they don't suck my dick
Have you considered showing just part of the orbit such that it's two diagonal curves?
Dabest talaga ang pinoy!
L
If you die committing a home invasion in Texas, the obituary lists cause of death as suicide.
I must admit, this is thoroughly entertaining..
Right before the fireball hits it's target that's when you zap, or if you need to fireball earlier then wait for it to hit then look where the troops scattered and then zap
The dude said developed world
Wut?
Climate Change
Nice try, cop who needs to get their arrest quota up.
But... but... "sugar and spice, and everything nice!"
I Dropped this
Clinton playing 36D Backgammon by tanking in the polls and letting the GOP think ever so quickly that they could win.
yeah, because joe miller totally did not exist before LoL
idk
Is that because you eat 5 every night so you're carrying them around with you?
Yes.
Don't date crazy
He's remembering the last blowjob she gave.
I couldn't find anything more recent than an article that said the building would be at 70% once AT and T was gone.
So NA isn't an option as they already have too many imports LUL
Yeah but the medicine will just fix it.
it's ok , you are the same age as them kiddo
Scientists should increase the speed of light so we can go faster
That's the thing about politics: everyone thinks they're an expert.
I can't believe you just said that, it's So offensive.
What's this "Stargate universe" that you're referring to?
Nah nah only Costa is a cunt, though?
How ironic is it, that my phone froze when I opened this post and wouldn't work until I restarted... The jailbreak does cause viruses guys!
If j.stewart plays, what do you think of starting him?
ITT: a bunch of goddamn socialists!
OP's just talking about how the thrusters fire, not how the ship responds.
Although where it "extends" to remains unclear.
This used to be the case, but it was changed to what it is now so that you can tell what cameras are broken without having to switch to them.
Ah
No he said PC.
What about imaginary digits?
But its so much more fun to scrape into the playoffs in the last few games though!
what's if it's one of those "play me im yours" and you just brought it back lol
This game needs more heroes from a game that inst Wow...
i was there awesome show
HAHAHAHAHA 10/10 GOOD ORIGINAL CONTENT THIS IS A GOOD DISCUSSION WE ARE HAVING LE UPBOATS MY GOOD SIR FELLOW REDDITER
Why can't hakstol play the 1st line 45 minutes a game?
Save me and my guns from this place.
coz they are just jealous, they can't wear it from their wallet
More specifically, the number of payments I have left.
WHERES THAT DUDE THAT CALLED THIS.
Were any of the "To be continued" actually continued?
What is that thing on the wall with the curly cord?
How is the baby the only one affected by this panoramic distortion and the background remains completely unchanged?
are they fucking at the end
May I ask why you won't be able to play it?
What a bland and sterile city.
Donald doesn't need any help doing that.
I'm open to most things though.
I got them for my kids.
Well played
Psh you probably just made this account to get a key.
Wtf dude that's like super rude
Get a bot, I suggest Mee6.
it's funny because a couple years ago he was one of the most hated for little to no reason
You're full of shit, WGU qualified, they weren't invited.
Europe isn't real people
Athena as a physical character I think would work better in the jungle then in support.
Donald Trump is at his Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida
Debugging?
fucking crutch
[insert Jojo jokes here]
It truly is the NFL BEAST this year.
*toast absorbs
Just picked my 6700k yesterday for 250 from microcenter, so they are definitely coming down in price..
You gotta put the caption in the picture bruh
i didnt know somewhere is a place!
What's more American than Texas?
Okay, let me just unplug my internet for the next 2 years.
It's like a tiny mushroom in a forest.
Donovan is Skull Knight #**CONFIRMED**
I want to see the XZ in person soo bad.
He could've been 9 or 10 or 11 or 12 as well
ok
How the world should be
In the face maybe, but Jake is way taller and probably more muscular.
Hey Chris I just won treasure chest locals, praise me
But, you see, this was about showing those insider elites at the DNC that we won't play by their rules!
Highly unlikely, VR development goes slower than you perceive it
You'd rather see me and a pimp than me and Lorenzo rollin' in the benzos
Reminds me of the mini game in mario party for N64
Indiana are the Hoosiers not the Indians
After further review, the committee selects Pitt as they're the lone team to defeat two P5 conference champions...
Cloning is illegal in U.S because of that.
Bear in mind you get mountains of points for healing now
That makes sense.
Dog won't last long with that demeanor.
I don't think the oilers have ever given away such a good player.
That butt!
Hi, How will you solve it?
OMG YOU SOUND LIKE THE NETWORK TECHS AT MY JOB, I HATE THEM.
Feels over reals.
lol do this add me Dieterino
I really believe in her.
We should literally just kill everyone that's slightly different from me.
As far as I can tell Americans somehow decide how much tax they're going to pay individually, and because they're so different New Yorkers don't want to support Texans and vice versa so they pay shit taxes so they can't afford healthcare.
Totally debunks climate warming.
Call 911 now!
That's only beacsue there isn't a Kanye flair
A real American hero...
HAAHAAHAA WAKE UP SHEEPLE
Yeah - who needs to learn, drink clean water, or get paid for work?
Macao is not exactly China.
That is easy, it is the "international network"!
A nice pair of mustaches.
It's things like this that help me understand why things like systemic racial attitudes stick around.
Lol, don't worry, nobody here really takes a lot of things OP says seriously.
You dropped this:
Speak for yourself
They are both football players
i use steam wallet for my purchases and theyre all pretty much instant so can't say i have, for now just wait on support, hope it works out for you.
Little dark, but looks great.
No way, places have different people in them?
Then be safe, we don't want you on the news
You've gotta really make sure that to-do list is hyper detailed and contains a perfect, flawless plan for completing your goals before you even think about setting one foot outside of the ge...
safety car out, the wind is too strong to race!
No no, you don't understand, they were just bashing the fash, anyone who got hurt probably deserved it for being a horrible capitalist.
I'm sure *this* gun control law will finally stop the violence in our cities
1100 off of StockX, they're the only yeezy I'll probably ever have in my collection lol
Lee's max damage is around 50k i think
I got confused by reddit over the last few months, isn't Trump the fourth reich?
But does he lead in points?
I think it was around 5 doalers.
No prob buddy!
This.
Use your inside voice, PJ.
Can you give me a source on that number?
So, basically, Head I get grave set up, Tails your grave gets banished.
Assuming we end the season with the same record, yes.
Now THIS means nothing with the DEFENSE.
I imagine the first human interaction with broccoli went something like this.
You can go ahead and get your gay porn out of here sir
JUST IN: Devin McCourty a locker room cancer?
Because women are weak and helpless and must always be protected
you stopped using straws?
There will only ever be one.
You mean photos were not in black and white in 1991?
If NBC runs out of shows they could always put Jay Leno back in primetime every night!
Yeah but he's no Brandon Morrow
LOLFUCKINGNOOBCOMEBACKWHENUHAVEA4*ULTRON
Prolly sounds like a Ferrari and runs 8 second quarters
In-laws are the fucking worst, right?
But her husband is in the hospital!
Shocking.
Proof that he is the heart and soul of the team
master at LoL, 8000 mr dota2, grandmaster in HS....
It's also similar to what a lot of running stores do--Sunday morning runs, Wed night runs, etc.
That's because this is OPs second account
I'm with her.
Only down side is that now you are addicted to Reddit.
Fire Brown.
I don't know sounded like genuine cuck to me ...if only there had been mention of Tendies well then..... ;)
It was more of a group effort between Weeden, Cassel, and Kellen Moore.
Let's take a moment to think about just how good a match between Luke Harper &amp; Randy Orton is going to be.
I feel soooooo bad for him, the Blackhawks, and their fanbase
shape reminds me of those cute little shoes with the red heart on them
Maybe they are talking about Stem cell research
That isn't lewd though.
That was really cool of him to mention G2 and it was overal just a really good speech of him.
You sit on a throne of lies!
They use Logic and only Logic because my favorite guy uses Logic and I use Logic......
What's wrong with what I said.
I got super excited when i seen the title for the metalfor deck and didnt see zoodiacs....and then i seen the deck list and cried.
Listing very well organized points on the Internet Salty
I have no loyalty
All hail Xenu
But its not rap so why listen?
I guess that's more what I meant, but yea you're right.
Maille whole grain
I've got 2010 to work with, what do you want me to do mate?
It also appears to have been put on when the rolls were still too hot, causing it to melt and run off the sides.
Everyone at a healthy weight is anorexic, obviously.
I dunno, man: what about Logan, huh?
Not a Trump supporter, but I think you missed an
Nope not at all
Not quite, CDR doesn't decrease the cast time of spells.
They had to apologize for saying that they will use torture?
They never buffed a card so far afaik so I wouldn't count on it
Why buy aghs for a 12 second cooldown when you could buy refresher for only 600 more and have a 0 second cooldown and have double battery assault?
Shattered resolve: linkffn(12075231)
"Accidentally" ok sure r/oopsdidntmeanto
Well that's just evidence that the law is working!
Apparently, if you pile enough white people into a single area it just becomes a Klan meeting.
upvoted for visibility, wow!
I'm pretty sure it's supposed to be her head
Let's hope he gives them a choice.
Vanguard tilts me real hard
That's a great idea, I think I might start saving them as well.
You don't understand, this is a completely *different* matter.
... and then he beat you with jumper cables?
But I want to be able to rush in and 1-shot everything and not ever get killed and not ever have to modify my playing style
Nah they're birds, not goats!
You're discrediting him quite a bit just for the sake of his sounds.
XPeke
You may be interested to know that even when they put you under with anesthesia, they also give local anesthetic to numb the area.
Lol did they pick him for the inner city cuz he's black
Jokes on you I'm 7
Why write "red", its the same card as the inform
This would make an awesome Rocket League arena
Can't wait for the comments of "Republicans will say hurr durr climate change is a myth"
Nothing, I am Orthodox and I celebrate Christmas at 7th January.
Pet the rabbit too hard...
No, because you shouldn't have been hate-drafting in the first place.
He is one of the most famous map creator for the Steam workshop, and btw he also the one who create cache and updating it, so he is not directly working for valve even if he have a map in the active duty map pool
This is so progressive.
Listening to Reddit earlier this year, you'd think Sanders would've been President by the largest landslide in our history.
aww what a bummer that means i'm gonna have to enjoy new games instead of old games man how terrible.
About 30 minutes of moving sliders around and different camera angles
You are Mixed race (first degree Jew) according to German Nuremberg Laws.
IT security has about 10 -15 years before the same thing will happen to it
Playstation Streaming?
Dude he already posted links to some highly reputable blogs proving his point!
The color scheme is biased, it presupposes that more teen pregnancies is a bad thing
lol i wish i had your life
I believe for any team that doesn't have a franchise QB on the roster that their biggest need is QB.
I've found flaming your lane mate until they abandon to be effective.
Catmom, batdad, and robins.
No you can't but... you can use mindcontrol and move him in a random edge while the fort form
Downvoted but only because you asked for it NotLikeThis
420 *NANANOSCOPE
Nervous laughter + heartbeat + wet suit = Spring Lock Trigger
I'm pretty sure they aren't... Which sucks because I want my Thoth avatar :(
Ooooooh okay, I'm on mobile right now and I thought you were talking about the Nike banner
Progressives are anti-racist!
Damn I can't wait till iOS 10 goes public, really want to try it out, but scared of the battery issues on these betas
Took him 14 years, but he EARNED that blocks record.
Oh I'm sure Chicharito will be a little more impressive
Thanks for the really informative reply
papa's in the house!
Trump has been advertising his personality pervasively throughout the years, so I find it difficult for satirists and comedians to not find anything to make light of.
I for one can't wait for an education on both the law and the meaning of "peaceful protest".
I am typically yelling and making gestures to other drivers that the pedal they are looking for is the one on the right, especially since the area I live in the merge zone onto the highway is exactly 2 car lengths until you're now on the offramp for the next exit.
dude you are reporting - sweet Microsoft bounty coming my way.
Yes my pc master race brother we must max it out at 144pfs / 5k / nvidia surround.
Agreed these heathens are just as bad as duriel321, ban them!
It's not gambling cause you'll always get something
Yeah, I love when it's 80 degrees and rainy in the winter..
thanks will check it out
Yours Truly (although SWF's remix was very good)
are you serious or did you forget the
He then proceeded to sell nothing but Sunbreakers to offset that happiness
But they did earn respect by staying alive longer than you are!
I thought that roma where Romanians
Why would they teach anti-Mormon lies at the MTC?
this is worlds not a game at home in your nearby basketball arena.
So he's "Crooked Donnie" now?
I agree completely.
But...but... journalistic integrity
Oh no I accidentally karmacided
You forgot your
Getting some strong Tarantino vibes from this clip.
shhh, don't you know that the AR stands for assault rifle!
Doesn't matter because they only see things in terms of quarterly profits
Not togepi...
Much needed help for orphans of course!
He will when Charlie fucking wakes up.
Needs the sea turtle shadow lol
Nike doesn't innovate anymore, it's all Adidas now.
Who's Jeffery?
please dont be an otome please dont be an otome please be good please be good please be good
PM sent!
German culture gives -50% culture conversion cost!
I haven't seen or read LoTR in like 2 years
Well they did do an AddOn thing for Pocket/Win10 not sure what it can do yet...if it allows you to add/create blocks and stuff most mods should be addable.
Ok but I didn't see that mentioned in the original thread pointing out this change a week or so ago.
You'd have fun in r/tifu then.
It's not our fault the only candidate you had deserves to be in prison.
How about one that can see the whole map?
Pshh, try saying that when Bray Wyatt teleports the entire SmackDown roster to Raw tonight
Now be reasonable, whose going to stop cheating?
I got a Batman comic book in my Trix last week.
It never fails to amaze me how long it takes to get items that are not 02 deadline parts.
All the salt in this thread reminds me of a League of Legends game...
I can't wait to see what happened today 3-5 years from now in a reddit repost.
Not like he can call up Fox News to release policy when they're part of the "lying media".
Slavery wasn't THAT bad
Slutty yet acceptable on Halloween clothing.
Why would anyone drink beer when they can drink rootbeer?
Yes everything should be free!
WHY IS NEBBY NOT IN THE BAG Also obligatory r/nebbyinthebag
only if certain teams did it
It's awful the way they have fun with each other.
You are both basketball stars?
"Art"
may probably (sadly) be [part of the attunement for the Nighthold, since we see Illidan there, and the quest in question has us getting soul fragments with which we could be able to locate Illidan]
youtube red / google play music all access?
Thanks!
I want to see a GB upset, but its getting real difficult at this point...
Is this billy?
where did you read this?
Can't have other people telling the same jokes as her but with better delivery now can we.
to rank up in CSGO
Let's just call them projectiles, it's unknown if its a mortar or larger yet.
i think i saw one in a heli crash but i dont know if it was dropped for a big west.
Real G's got that pimp lean
Actually, I'm pretty sure Nintendo has expressed interest in doing animated films based on their games and whatnot.
You will forget all of that by the time you go see the movie, chill
Pretty sure it's the people on welfare wasting all the money
I mean that's just truth
Pennsylvania Railroad standard from the 1930's.
Hm, but her body is definitely NOT shrinking...
Yeah cause polls have been sooo accurate
It does sound like something Carlin would say.
Fuck your opinion.
Oh yes, because things are so great right now....
Play blues in the background... Winning?
ITS 2016 YOU RACIST, ALL WHITE DEVILS MUST DIE
Yeah, bandsaws don't have kick-back and raw meat is never slippery.
So I have evidence that links abuse and their behavior, but your wife's opinion is more believable.
You cannot see it on the map if not a DK.
Whoa there guy, calm it!
Trump: "LOOK AT ME, I AM THE MARKET NOW"
If you're referring to marijuana, not all pain is the same, never worked for me.
it has missiles and machine guns and can fly, only get it if you want to grief the lobby and make free mode unplayable
How dare you type out Obama's name and not praise him you racist
good choice brother.. ;)
He already extend till '18
So which side are you on?
Thank you for creating Google and YouTube, it's amazing that you still find time to post on Reddit when you've got that vast fortune you've made from your creations!
He's already helping out the economy so much!
I'm sure he believes that the government should determine precisely how much money businesses should make
Doar in centru
Yes, an excellent cast and won a few baftas
I fucking love this subreddit.
He not as good as Colquitt
It's good for people who struggle to kite the camps since you can just complete the end of your first full clear whilst in your passive.
Well...we do have smaller brains...
SS joker was the worst joker ever.
Only if you consider 31% of the world population a "majority"
"Guardians make their own fate" seems to be the running premise of the raids lore wise, which is ironic in a game called Destiny
You're what you eat tho
Giant Meteor.
#NAME?
Same for me, I can't do anything before washing my hands after touching old wrappers (especially sticky ones).
It feels like it says that, though.
Dude, you're supposed to put a SpongeBob reference, not an actual picture of in-game Orca!
And spent in on Trump brand clothing !
Yeah look for the video later on liveleak
smh Marvel's going to far with this X-Men hate, making sure people know Spider-Man isn't a mutant
As Jesus taught us in the Bible, the ends justify the means, right?
Pretty damn disgusting and yet I persist in buying them when I find them on sale
ARE YOU READY TO PARTY!
I read that as clap trap
Trying to change lanes and I'm cut off...yep that's a luxury car.
It's fine if you're white, or arab, and not Jewish, keep moving.
Easy to play, hard to master.
Penn State got left out of the playoff because they aren't a major program tho
What an awesome idea.
Salt potatos, turkey breast and pineapple dusted with brown sugar and cinnamon
And drivers are known to improve performance a lot, right?
If I want to argue a stupid point, I have my wife sitting right here.
BREAKING: Alex Reyes to Cubs
haha gotcha, thanks for the help!
It's not allowed to post about functions of software or software itself.
eyy add me
Can't wait for those healthcare premiums to go back down once it's repealed.
Road rage incidents would go so much better if everyone involved had guns.
I hate it when people get annoyed by things that are annoying
Like deep throat?
I'd find it pretty funny if he returned to the Rowdies at this point.
Fingers crossed for edgy brah
idk if you're joking but that would be awesome or a turtle that you carry around like cho'gall does
False positive
Have a talk with Mark Zuckerberg
Obama is only there for the populous , the people who run the country ( occult hierarchy of the military industrial complex ) dont need to tell the slaves or their masters anything until the 11th hour
I'm in Kansas City, I hear them almost daily.
This is so progressive!
Are you suggesting that our guy should be half naked too?
^ This exactly
That'll never happen because everyone fucking loves BoA.
Here, you dropped this:
I feel you dude, here I am struggling to spit game at the cute girl in my speech class and these blademasters find love.
That is true, they'd have to find someone with the perfect voice but i have no clue how they could do that with Troy though.
Better it if were ddr4, since it's cheaper than ddr3 nowadays.
I am more excited at the fact that the view on esports may change now that riot has made its move here directly.
Mine has really started chugging for no discernible reason.
Haha thanks, I tried to
Partial explanation for the election results.
Yeah you old fart
Maybe try cancelling the spell?
But our positivity corsi on this sub is unsustainable!
Lemayo
what nahhhh random proposals out of the blue with no warning are the best
wat
The more election coverage happens on the internet; the more election coverage will become subject to the laws of internet discourse.
Vladislava wasn't close enough for them?
I remember watching SSC and being super impressed with that duo
nice aimbot, bro.
You check Breitbart and the_D for your daily news
I know it's Matt Damon.
Provo
So how are they supposed to cure gayness in Malta now?
Downvoted cause of no alchemist wheels
interesting print but print quality can be improved, though...
I only smoke 1 or 2 joints a week of prescribed because I am not a pathetic druggie with nothing better to do, but it definitely helps with stress relief, drinking less alcohol and smoking less cigarettes.
Why would you deprive a future son of this awesome room?
How did you get the Wunderwaffe ?
No silly, freedom of religion only applies to Christians!
Yeah, I remember all of those hateful tweets Hillary sent.
Severogorsk, Wot PS3 or XBox or something like it
Yes?
You forgot your
Baku decided to be called the European GP instead.
Calm down there Lysandre
I can't imagine any friend worthy of the title saying "what, you only spent 7 months trying to get the accounts changed?"
Wow nice guess man, you are probably right
That's true, it's as if the British established a colony in the new world.
'prank' they just hit him in the face...
But but he had a green bar
Because it has no negative effects!
It's Free to play after you pay $15 monthly entry fee
Near mastercanteen,tanishq.
Thats an up and under
That's ok, your cat still has 8 more lives...
Those Muslims need to leave the country because they believe their religion is above the law and in this country the constitution is the law (except when white people say it, then we make whatever laws we want).
Don't be silly, it's not "fin-ah-lay" it's "fine-eh-lee"
You should have included
DusDin?
True but I like to bitch anyways.
I'm just throwing that out there because Goldberg said he had 1 more title run in him.
It never happened for me, either, until I bought the car with the Bi-Xenon lights.
"no hizo nada porque era un buen pibe"
Something's not quite right.
Everyone knows int hero= sup noob
[8]
I name my sections so itd come out like: Intro Explosion 10,000 Years of Combat Explosion Savior Explosion 10,000 Years of Combat Calm Explosion Finale
Why am i not challenger
Batman levels* FTFY I too always carry bat-bleach.
Yeah but a double positive make a negative Hahah
This GIF kinda sucks bro.
They just got an evacuationnotice, I doubt many places will be open
BECASUE HE SAID SO OKAY
Where would he have gotten that?
CNN Fact Check: Cover is not the same as front page
I think you forgot
I puked in my mouth
Want the last word?
After the WS, I'm sure they're gonna do it big
I'm glad to see you've done an incredible amount of research and can give insightful views.
TIL Ben Carson is Clayton Bigsby.
Geez I would probably pay over $1000 for all that stuff.
Your opponent can't act of treason either of them because it isn't a creature on their turn.
Shit I'm spilling mustard on my damn shoes all the time and they're fine
Maybe someone payed them off to make it an exclusive?
They had 9000 bombs though, what sane person would want to risk it?
Racism suddenly exists in our society when we compare ourselves to others, but it's no big deal ;)));()))
You can on the Northwestern campus
I want one, but I also don't want to ruin the beauty by messing up the detachable cable mod :/
But I feel sorry for someone who makes millions of dollars and hasn't lived up to expectations.
That's not my team.
But worse.
To be fair it is THE MrCoolguy710, would you expect someone with that name to not have any dank ass shirts?
Duel players will eventually get tired of hearing that
Welcome to reddit?
oh great were already on the "supports are supposed to be lower level and have less farm" thing yeah because that makes EVERYONE want to play support in mobas.
Just wait for America my friend
Maplestory is a multiplayer game?
We need to sit with him and hear him out maybe we can persuade him to abandon his misinformed views.
yeah but the cowboys haven't beat anybody
*Titans legend Andre Johnson
How about Leslie Jones?
Yes
Glad to see they are preparing future troops by recreating the conditions of combat by promoting safe spaces.....It should be almost as successful as stress cards back in the early 90's
#OverPaid
But that guy just said he's not playing baseball, so how could he sell tickets?
Dreaming of eating holes in your roof
So guests in the park can only get hurt if they microwave the melon too much, right?
Nice!
Haha, it's funny because poor people can't afford nice suits!
Thank you for the more detailed explanation:)
Lemieux also was carried by Crosby in '06
Would it be better to worse if it weren't a joke?
"Get over it" Sure lets get over about you leaking someone's personal info to thousands of people
I swamp hunt in waders
Well had they just obeyed the police orders they would have never been arrested.......
Too soon.
k
What's missing is mods and a shred of credibility.
2 chicks at the same time
Its a 0.0000000013 drop chance.
Are you a sexist misogynist person for not appreciating that movie?
As a SEA colony of China, why doesn't SG follow commands from Beijing?
It's like this in Panama too.. Colombian and Venezuelan prostitutes with fake asses galore.. however they are usually tested (in the actual brothels), and are gorgeous.
Dafuq happened to Mozgod after the break?
And the parallels with Hitler continue
*look it up* *trust me, I know* *class dismissed* *any questions*
Saying that everything requires a creator except your God is called special pleading and it is a clear fallacy.
Sweet, thanks.
Still talking eh?
Is not politics a wrestling match?
Nice
New card leak: #GIANT SKELETON ARMY
Bitched and moaned about calls .... Carlisle took him out and actually yelled SHUT UP to him as he was pulling his sooky face to Carlisle.
Nuh uh, you just gotta get lucky for 162 games, that's so unbelievably short even my grandma could get lucky and win a WC spot
I think I just puked ^^thankfully ^^I ^^was ^^right ^^by ^^the ^^toilet
Its to keep the Donald off the front page clearly
Stop leaving food on baby face.
If you don't get in game you can't lose!
Thanks, I was thinking it could work, but I wanted to be 100% sure.
I've never seen any black people skiing or swimming or playing polo tho
Plus why the fuck would you want your offspring from another lover anywhere around your husband's mother.
They were just troubled teens.
He was just a troubled teen.
but...but I identify as someone with low blood pressure, so you should not treat me for high blood pressure, that would be violent erasure.
No picture so idk?
The parking restriction signs are contradictory; parking there at 7am-8am on a Thursday is allowed and prohibited by either sign
Lol, Joyetech, you so clazy!
Lvl 12 barbs are the most hard way to defend you need lvl 83092747 of skill to play them
Only overwatch does that, hence the difficulty of climbing with support characters despite winning compared to a dps/tank
But the Dow is hitting record highs!
At least they nerfed Grover, he got way out of hand.
Soooo only the caps lock button is water resistant?
Yeah, because why would you want to spend more time on the fun stuff in the game, when you can just stand around in your hideout ctrl+clicking.
Wha?- how?
Answered your own question by the question itself; impressive.
we izz nutt pcmr lel
Yeah I see you guys posting threads here all the time about new recruits and the latest rumors
A day for the ages.
Sounds like he is.
yo weed is a plant it can't be harmful 420 blaze it yo
Bunchie's a mess.
One melee hit kills a doomed titan
i knew alexis would thrive as a cf because of FIFA
He's got the same disorder as Lil Wayne I guess.
I do believe that's a man wearing a cow's face.
Right, there's a bigger play here that we've yet to see on the series (only some hints dropped by SIU along the way).
Gravity is just a theory, man.
Might be a good idea, since you'll be out of comission for 1 to 2 weeks.
I didn't get a good look at the truck, I just remember the Comcast logo.
Don't worry, it gets washed into the ocean.
I'm not sure who is the bigger hero here, the person who originally wrote the question or the person who had it put up on a giant screen.
So my girlfriend went to play today without PS plus and had to initiate a 2 day trial to play so, yes you need PS plus
But it was on the front page!
Comic is talking about a person's ego, not Eggo waffles.
Wait, that's a real holiday?
Get out of here with your logic!
"David Feathers, Chicken Haye" Lmao
But the title says I should play this if I'm sick of those decks
Right, because Woz didn't completely revolutionize computers with the Apple I, the first computer to use a keyboard and a monitor.
Inside the game: Smithzz -on a good day
They do this to hide the overall lackluster chest armor design.
Get a renegade, that'll show him!
You missed the part at the end when they step out of the tub
Yeah, all the major companies should be hiring this guy to be their user experience designer.
No way, it's ok to bully and call someone names if they're a republican, because that means they're racist horrible people unlike an "enlightened" liberal person.
I seem to remember Daniel Craig was more buff in the last 007 Movie.
The amount of force on the drop would kill you lmao.
Oh look at that, Turkey's being shit again, what are the odds?
It took me months to realize what he meant, I felt really stupid.
I don't need to aim with my torid :/
You could have googled using less words and actually gotten answers other than "look in your pants."
Draining the swamp boys
They'd do that, but make it a unique lightning that's can't upgrade to 6 star :v
Texas does this too.
a Pokerus Shiny 6IV I suppose good nature Hakamo-o 10/10 legit
So what automatic weapons can mow down a room of sortie lvl enemies?
I would choose a giraffe and maybe they would eventually be miniaturized so that I could give my cousin one as a gift since he really loves giraffes.
Mommy Miley bringing them Bangerz to my blessed ears
Good thing we repudiated that policy by voting for Trump!
Damn I'm white and I feel the need to oppress them for saying that shit!
Yea Porto lately has been a huge goal scoring machine in the portuguese league.
But he said "Don't listen to me" at the start, so it's all okay right?
'ghth' is a totally normal arrangement of consonants, what do you mean?
They would be great at a "spot the kafir" test though!
No, bro, it's cuz you don't know how it works
As much as people like to rip on the current playoff format - this is one of the reasons they went to it, and it certainly seems to be working.
Getting past multiple cops is something I would be proud of
Look all I know is I don't understand quantum computing henceforth its not real.
Thinking for a third time
People 0.0
Wear that belt proudly!
Typical Mexican
Oo naman san ko pa ba makukuha yung mga pambara ko sa mga elitista ng r/ph?
High-level amiibo get damage boosts, whether you want them to or not.
Yea but big Sean is corny
sorry, I dropped this
This post is funny and original
Scavenger for sure
I almost bought a 5000 dollar projector but then I remembered I can get millions of projections for free by positing a dissenting opinion to Liberal forums.
This is the perfect time for shameless advertising: r\madlads
"What's Ubuntu"
I'm not sure what that is tbh (I'm not from the US btw).
you forgot the
They'd have to name it back to Constantinople.
It's because of the fluoride in the water.
And George Bailey
I don't know if they realize this is the kind of audience they attract, or they just look the other way
You may want to reconsider and sugn up for a few classes...
If his approval ratings get high enough, he gets to take his successor's term.
"Get out of here with your arguments of nuance."
*summons the sorcerers for hire*
/yesssssss
XPLJESUS does shitpost a lot, but he has indeed posted a fair amount of legitimate info too.
That rebel he slammed into the ceiling was a better representation of Vader's power than all three prequels of jedi twirling their ~~batons~~ lightsabers combined.
Shit all my games have been like that today, then add in ritos dog shit mmr system it makes for some fun games.
You haven't heard of Faze clan
I think it's fine if we just let IT people rule the world.
or backup when subroza gets VACd
imo MSI is the best one.
Also bc they know it's a problem and there isn't anything they can do rn.
im a wizard of the wards and i studied using old tests
Is that not right?
Ah damn, I was looking forward to what is clearly the best mario game since mario 3
Nope, that's to turn on/off the front lights
The the coils are all going to be 6V and the OP will not have much luck swapping his 12V coils in from the GS450.
Si cica populatia scade drastic
Yes, and we should also throw stones at prostitutes!
Rosie O'Donnell's neighbors should think about moving.
Are we just posting everything we kill these days?
so outrageous
yeezy 350 ripoffs
Well sleeping with foundation on will probably do that to ya.
True facts
Ty.
you can't have it both ways!
But that trucking boost for your CBs
Then I get why you don't wanna play I.Q!
But Hillary would be worse, amirite.
Sounds almost as bad as Star Trek.....
A six pack, I'm gunna be super fucked.
Or a burly software developer.
But hey, at least there's no more Muslims!
Even Chinese men can be white if they're male and don't hate white people
So I'll grab my bicycle and we will go climbing in Scotland?
My 5 layer burrito is now 50 layers and I have more Baja blast than I need.
But he sucks and we should trade him
Frigates couldn't hold a Titan down until some time ago though... I think parts of that story might be missing.
Replied!
Holy shit I played dope at a LA monthly a few months back and didn't think anything of it (I got fucked up) TiL
Was browsing threads that mentioned X34s on reddit, figure I should let you know that users on OCN got info from Acer suggesting the X34P launch has been delayed until Q4 2017.
Didn't think I needed it... but alas
"Only 6 year-olds play minecraft!!"
Shocking
I'm planning on being there!
You could definitely see the Cronenberg influence that Trank talked about in the first half.
Something something iPhone 7
Fuck man when I see people rock 5s this well it makes me want them but I just don't think I can pull em off
Lol, that is fucking awesome.
because that's stupid
some of the stuff I add every once in a while $CGW - around 2.5% of my portfolio $TAN - less than 0.5% of my portfolio I am thinking about increasing my allocation in CGW to 3% depending on the fundamentals of the underlying companies.
hmm gotcha thanks for the info!
Can't wait for user2483 to give his take
It's just coincidence.
How dare you be naked in a *shower*, absolutely disgusting.
We need to give more antibiotics to farmers, just in case
agreed, nismo juke is bae but i'm not feeling the fd
No, you're right, a multi-billionaire real estate mogul is not at all beholden to large banks.
"But what if someone breaks the glass in a nonemergency next time?"
Then they wouldn't be VIP ..
[](/rppcute) I had a feeling I'd find this one under Controversial.
Speaking of which, can I have some karma?
Oh they will fuck it up for oldsters too, probably hand all that money over the Goldman Sachs, where surely it will be carefully tended to in the best interests of the citizens.
A quickly thrown together [[Nath of the Gilt Leaf]] Elf tribal to monogreen [[Titania, Protector of Argoth]] land destruction
It's the Liberal Ape agenda at it again!
Should be wearing and pull you over and fine/imprison you are such completely different things.
But the reason martial law wasn't implemented was because of Alex Jones and his supporters exposing it!
I'm more interested in what that fucking phone looks like
He was so caught up in the moment... he didn't even finish with "Go Hawks"
Make sure your Headphones volume is at a reasonable level and like X1124 make sure the Cue button is lit up on the deck you're playing and also make sure you headphones are plugged into the SB2 and not the computer.
Referring to him facin problems in squading up with friends and then lot of time to find a single game.. Is what i understand from this language i learned some of this while playing league
For 10 whiles to be exact
And 10% is a shitty tip.
Sure.
Oh shit another counter to sparky the most OP card in the game.
These guys are really selling this well, so informative.
Spoilers: It Does
His sample size seems OK to me.
pfffffttt yeah right, he's not going anywhere with this, he's tryin' to distract Ruby while he croaks
the worst trade in Dodgers history
The one where he was outscored by Jason Terry off the bench and scored less than 5 points in every 4th quarter...
read that in the voice of zoidberg
Sov Dom
Surprised the butthurt police haven't reported this to the FBI, a swat team might be needed to take out such a reckless, immoral key-glitching thug
Ya but... triple double!
I usually see it here for between $250 on the lower end and $325 on the higher end.
It's $15 now
Pretty much, still a some stuttering in some places but it should run at an acceptable framerate the whole way through
Don't mind me, I forgot the
Forced update, unless the owner knows how to root + reject updates.
but muh wet dreamz
Other M style.
Just pick the one of the pair you think it isn't, problem solved.
Or do nothing
Lets just make the whole map flat and pink to improve visibilty and help realism...
Less duration would modify all damage so what's your point?
As a FB marketer, that's easy
No, you're being racist
I haven't seen this issue, but if you have city living maybe you got evicted from your apartment..?
I think it was called "tanks" and was for 6.87
I dont understand why there is 3 articles about Bjergsn, but none about Dlift, Hauntzer, Svenskeren from Espn
RIP all those that do.
Alex actually says "I bring life and hope"
Who cares if a foreign government hijacked our election when someone used emails!
the letterboxes make it feel more cinematic
I hope not, this will just fuel their base' frustration with the MSM "bias" if they just stop talking to Trump surrogates altogether.
Well it did say he was going to expand the SS system....
Nah man, PPD would've drafted perfectly and won all the tourneys bcoz he's just great.
They're probably pissed the fuckers cut in line too.
This generation's members are so valiant, they don't need miracles like the weak people did back in Jesus' day.
BROOOOOOOOOOOO... What kind of arrows are you using?
No man definetly not
I'd eat a McRib for Christmas dinner.
Danganronpa is a super niche game
Hey hey there buddy watch it with the hate speech I'll have you know I'm in a inter-height relationship myself and if we do decide to tie the knot I won't let bigots who think that a tall guy and short girl shouldn't be together stop us
I haven't paid attention but...can you dodge Noctis's flasks?
"Just takes too damn long"
You speak from a place of experience
Am I seeing things, or are the Air Force cops at Area 51 driving a Ford Raptor?
if only there was some reason why we could point to for why that is, oh well
Same
Who shit in your cheerios man
She will be successful in the world of work.
damn its been a long time since ive heard that name...
right, they could call the company the "Tesla Dealer!"
the one with Tyra a banger
Yea, funny how there were no visa issues for Sweden globals but when it comes to the US of A...
Yeah before every stream Castro LITERALLY tells his followers to send people hate
I can feel the schadenfreude.
No, it was just a misunderstood victim of white oppression.
Yeah the other guy was kind of derpy, probably did not realize how occulus works.
From a viewers point of view I feel like it breaks up the game and kind of kills the pace.
That's an ass I'd like to die under
Hype for the not so good Ruler replacements, hurray.
Totally don't have to go there for the Main Game.
DARK Synchro/Tzolkin HERO using Apprentice Illusion Magician as a Level 6 for Synchro and R6NK plays, and 1 copy of Dark Magician as Allure fodder.
WRONG
Nope, has to be 4K
But the GC is proof of the flood that destroyed the earth!
Ok "guy that banged his wife"
They should move it to the cloud
Depends whether you value botlane synergy (just from communication) or jungle-support synergy i guess
Well you _clicked_ and that was the point
hmmm... It looks like no more than a hundred legos.
Medical laboratory worker.
Xbox One .... I am not worthy for a crew, I suck at the game I just like playing it ... lol
School to prison pipeline
They would make it a Pegasus vehicle but damn I'd buy that for a dollar lol
but will it sound *as warm* as on a record player?
Not in that order!
That child has clearly been brainwashed to call you daddy and give you hugs and kisses!
No, no, that isn't coming from our tax money, Mexico is paying for it.
someone should talk klay about redistributing those points
:-D
I was going to say, isn't that how they normally do it?
But but but double platinum with no features You just need a certain level of intelligence to get his music
lol ya because shitting un-digested food and massive amounts of bacteria is cool but uterine lining is sick and nasty xD xD XDD
Thanks, friend!
Fuck Drumpf and fuck white people
And make sure to disable windows mouse acceleration ("pointer precision") and the mouses own acceleration if it has any.
Its like he has 5 extra ribs.
"drowned in a motorboating accident"
Psn mescusey
jesus, the guy even LOOKS like Jared
You aren't my mom!
I didn't have the gold but yeah
bungie was trash
I don't know how many times I must have listened to this song when this first came out ha but I still remember the words... making lil' me proud :')
I'd honestly rather Icefrog just removed techies from the fucking game so I could at least have closure RIP
Duh, how do you think 3d glasses work otherwise.
Cydia 1499553 Thank you Always a fan of your work
Of course you are buddy
A rule which is clearly the product of rational thinking a desire for truth and justice.
Dedicated servers are actually moderately cheap and not that hard to set up nowadays and it's relatively easy to implement because it's just as if the host's player is simply absent (Factorio had funny makeshift servers where the host would stand in the world afk), so I would expect them.
What a save!
Tove Lo - Habits up my ass (stay high **up my ass**)
Who would imagine that when you ban something in one place it spreads to other places
This I have no disagreement with.
Yeah man but what about Zealer?
The word you are looking for is Gaol.
What is this boundary word I keep seeing?
You'll give me a key for it?
That wouldn't made sense since Snoke is Mace Windu
It also implies he actually hit someone while driving.
"Fat pussy" the height of female compliments.
But it's a eurostep
just add more spins to rs3 xd
And remember to dress warm!
I believe so
It really depends on the interest rate and your expected return on investment.
Please, someone, remove this guy's internet connection.
Just like getting 4 discord kills in 6 seconds can't be the right way because it is impossible
*oh* I missed the
Because obviously all Middle Easterners are Muslims
The smart move would have been to what, lie?
I'm pretty sure this is an America only problem.
It's junk, but I'll do $30+shipping and send you the files afterwards.
Which batch though?
Star Fox ship!
ARE YOU ASUMING THAT BLACK PEOPLE *AREN'T* ALLOWED TO DO WHAT THEY WHAT THEY WANT WITH THEIR HAIR?
What an important fact for everyone to know
same ayy lmao
You can thank all the customers for paying those employee wages
Or two small pieces of duct tape
Rent a friend; join a frat.
This time I'll do things proper
Thank you!
Riku
I'm pretty sure all our receivers are cable
Stop lying, you did this on purpose.
Imperials above us!
but they rigged it by talking shit about him in private emails while those dumb low information black people in southern states could vote
Ableist.
DREADNAUGHT SUPERIORITY
It's there but you have to look closlier at it to see all the hidden signs.
Because the customer is always right.
Damn Monsanto, creating pigs that grow on trees.
We don't know yet, who's in charge.
TND logo red box.
Probably got the food from the food bank.
I'm sure having books written about him will help his narcissism
Oh no.
New Valhalla set is pretty good.
Because they're racist white-flighters!
sounds like you're making some high quality math.
That's because white people don't smoke weed.... Jeez
If it it is a priority lounge, use your Priority Card
It was always A click in dota 1 iirc.
How does leaving out the word "new" kill my point?
There would be no more hope for the Imperium, everyone knows Malneus Calgar is the only one that can save humanity.
So funny
Do you need Necrozma?
Because then there would be more parking available at home?
It's not misogyny if it's pro Hillary though.
Cuz Reddit totally represents most players
What would the former fear factor host know about tkd
"I don't disagree with you, but..."
No it's easy with YouTube
You people...who are "you people" *triggered*
yeah I agree, land was so important so we had to kick the natives out
Now look at this neck
I have the feeling the person who made this was born in 2006
Alcohol, high emotions, rivalries, what could go wrong?
Food is a tool of the imperialist bourgeois!
That's a lot of eco frags
He's not top 5
but you'll die if you don't eat breakfast!
WHAT DO I DO WITH MY FUCKING HANDS, WHAT IS THIS FEELING
Yo Dez did us right but fumbling his only reception tonight.
He was just using cams
Because it's not *their* baby...
Did you participate?
As a speedrun enthusiast What do you mean by Random Number Jesus
You're making it a way bigger deal than it is.
It's why he plays for FNATIC right?
Yeah those Wedge Tailed Eagles and kookaburras, nobody likes those.
yeah cause fuck everything that hasn't happened this year &amp; last.
If they die, they die.
sure, old testament people lived til their hundreds!
Hey this will boost the population to 12 players instead of 6
O no but they only focus on the innocent African leaders who want to move away from the Dollar standard.
Ummm sorry did you just assume my race (Said in the voice of someone from tumblr).... But Jokes aside you missing the
You just need to learn to sacrifice and save more.
But but but but Denovo bad, cant paly games when servers go down something something ciclejerk
Isn't it you press L1 (or LB) and move the stick towards 2k smart play?
What iOS you on?
Some weird perspective going on, looks like a bad photoshop.
I think it's pretty dependent on what state you're in and how good your divorce attorney is.
Yes, I know about it being this way in the god page but there isn't such an option in the god selection screen
Yeah, steam is not a commercial platform for valve to earn money at all.
but r/dota2 told me hating new shop is just "old people can't handle new thing".
R/T_D keeps disappearing from my r/ list and first try the app told me I had insufficient right yo view the subreddit... Stay vigilant pedes
And then the women pulls out all the cash to pay for their lavish lifestyle she made from just simply being a mother.
Even if someone did, you can't sign into your account with it.
Obviously they need a clusterfuck tag match on the card, its not wrestle kingdom without one
We have pansies who can't scrummage refereeing matches already, so why not just go a step further.
This is a lot more interesting when you think the guy in the red shirt is the robber on your first view.
It happens a lot with with skype notifications.
uhh excuse me... The Cherokee is an excellent vehicle and I'll have you know the only thing that breaks is lower control arms, CVs, all electronics, shock mounts, and transfercase...
Why?
Noo thats not censorship thats just to fight the Russian hackers!
Like, a fuckton worse.
Good luck to everyone else going through finals week(s)
I see, so you are happy with how unhappy with the results you were then now?
El tipo labura en un local de service de motosierras
Because only gov't can attack catch and kill thieves if needed
I'm satisfied with the speed of content, but dissatisfied with the speed of other things Blizzard is doing.
Don't forget Ima Stalin.
They obviously should have filmed the Mustafar duel near a real lava stream.
Could it be because they're miniature old people?
Points for consistency though... :)
I wanted a giant scoreboard that was constantly in the top-left corner of the screen taking up an obscene amount of space, with the game giving you negative points for playing the way you wanted!
Agree about the dislocation but what about the torn ligaments?
I aren`t think that
RG3 makes those throws to win the game.
he's not just sure, he's HIV positive!
What happened?
Gladdy as the chubby kid who grows up to be The Rock levels of huge made me smile.
"The Seventh Floor Group" is something that was brought up in the latest FBI release as a group of "very high ranking STATE officials," and was also called "The Shadow Government."
how dare you use logic!
Haven't seen that font before.
Maybe some AP writers are seeing the positive pub on Marcus Foster and didn't realize he transferred?
the thing is you can get a guy with even better game knowledge and good play by play casting and a more interesting personality by getting papa smithy or monte so what is the point?
shutup camper
You're right all of us here are basement dwelling crazy conspiracy virgins, damn you MSM!
uhm..... idk how to feel
I heard there will be Beedrills whose hands are dreidels
Zcash
Typical bandwagon Pats fan.
The same reason he didn't attend his intelligence briefings, he was clearly spending too much time on the basketball court!
That should be a crime.
Yep, Definitely.
a what?
Seriously, stop chopping onions already..
Missed the
Jags can fire Bradley and hire him
They hate us for our freedom
Godfitch sex after?
Still less crazy than colonizing Mars!
Thank god they decided to revert the ult nerfs
He didn't say mate why would you even post this
Found Michael J. Fox's reddit account.
Make sure you are using a compatible device.
I really appreciated this video
So... Toto will be driving the second car?
I gotchu, sent
only gives tunnel trogg +1 attack, literally unplayable
So does it end in a draw?
I see one daily in LR.
Get in touch with the public service commission.
And it shows.
Only Stormtroopers should have blasters!
She could have masculine breathing.
DUDE CHRISTMAS EVE STREAM SPOILERS
Anything below 144FPS is basically mass genocide.
Haha, I would have guessed in Canada because it's exactly like this outside my window!
only scrubs play shotguns
It's so spiteful of them to expect basic knowledge of what the Joint Chief of Staffs deemed the biggest military threat.
Oh I'm so sorry.
That's a dude
He doesn't remember Chain of Memories, I have strong doubts that he remembers Birth by Sleep, and Dream Drop Distance is the one I was talking about.
Exposing the corruption within the DNC is litterally just as bad as hijacking multiple aircraf, flying them into building and killing nearly 3000 people.
Yeah, a sniper is so much easier to use than a NV4
We know enough to make summary judgment about how their lives should be lived.
Make one out of minky!
leaking air suspension is a good lesson - don't buy german next time
Oh boy, here we go again with more liberal crap.
Ak47 1150
Can we get a video of just Radulov reading it?
I don't hate SAS but yeah it's getting kinda annoying to see every move he does on reddit
Mods better ban people like this
Racist
Brazzers
"amazing"
Great source.
lol made them better.
Nope, it makes me feel r/mildlydisgusted - there's nothing gross in the bottom of sinks that can be "aerated" "steamed" into the air, just like there's little bits of candy that fall in your keyboard!
also, I want to say regardless of whether or not drugs were involved, experience is experience - you've 'woken up' a little, you've seen a way that things can be different - so again, try not to beat yourself up over MDMA's involvement in that experience, because at the end of the day memories don't exist to make us feel happy, sad, angsty or upset; they evolved so that we could draw from past experience to make the best decisions we can right now.
Bless your soul, this is amazing
Cut him
Yeah man, that Snowden shouldnt have attacked the Democratic Head of the IC the way he did, proving he was lying about spying on americans and all
Is kill
hwa gaming in in the turkish league
Engagement ring...good job picking a special day.
Thanks!
Anger
South's gon' rise agin!
Am I the only one who thinks that there is missing
A clan mate made it to 4K with Double dragon hound deck
Only coming in for the Nightbane kill is even more convenient for the buyer though (if it's about nightbane loot/mount and not the speedrun achievement).
Oh yeah zero-tolerance policies work great...
Dukesloth
Turns out, different people have different opinions.
So much investigating, this admin is doing.
The thing that makes fires extinct, duh!
I thought that was Florida on a normal day
I mean, you have a 2 mana 4/5 Vigilance that gives your man lands +2/+2... a 2 mana 5/6 would just be a way to trump the other 2 mana green creature
Is it the 3rd one?
And in my experience, if there's a card you definitely don't want in your opening hand, after throwing it away in the mulligan you will definitely draw it on turn 1.
Democrats were the pro-slavery party!
How do you know they were aware?
Because looking the part is the important thing!
Oh ok thank you so much.
People still play this game?
Yea but that's PRE-tax
that makes you smart
If you don't posess a midi keyboard, get one.
Someone gild him!
I do it because it's free, it works, and it doesn't get crap all over my hands.
But the baby boomers!
Yea u/gsncheez Where's your banging undies pic?
But his moveset is wacky
That's what I'm here for
Anyone who doesn't think this is a great idea is a sexist
Brilliant
*suhdookoo
Taylor Swift, humour, sports, humour, something, kid, Norton, monkey, skydiving, tourist, cavemen, shortt film, crack, marketing, westham, science, japanese, australia, mirror, butterfly, OJ, IRS, pirates, TIL, Vin Scully Where is the tiger and grizzly?
but it's so safe and comfy here in my giant robot.
On the plus side, we can finally get rid of all these departments that just lie and spread propaganda since they dont do anything.
Meanwhile the ~~pancake~~ Scythe...
Meese*
Didn't realize putting armor on any car meant it will survive multiple explosives
I save my mons in gw all the time when I know I lost lol
even down to the lava whip lol
Nerf stealth great idea
I don't speak russian.
Being decently proficient in 2-3 heroes is still being flexible, I play McCree, Tracer, Mei, Roadhog and Ana - with this combo i can flex into most DPS heroes, bar Genji.
Proof: Man made himself.
I got 133, not sure why people think Aatrox is a champion.
Dibs!
Also the parts of the Bible we say count!
Remember, when CinemaSins used to be good?
Well, he was a false flag Manchurian puppet set in motion by Hillary and Polestar and the RAND corporation so it doesn't matter
She can get true damage triforce procs constantly with her second Q, as well as true damage titanic hydra active, has a heal, a massive shield, a stun that doubles as the longest dash I can think of existing, and a better j4 ult that also briefly makes her untargetable during the animation.
Yeah, let him stay on the team and be shit because he's a cool foreign dude that's supposed to be good
If the second hand ticks it's a quartz if it's a constant sweeping motion it's automatic mechanical
Festive lights victory pose, no skins
Play it well and 12 wins is in your reach
Yeah, a better allegory would be if you started printing and selling your own Pokemon cards, which would probably get you sued pretty fast.
Sure... put the black guy in charge of the ghettos...\
Agreed but this isn't about pronouns it ads gender expression to the list of other things the government can't discriminate against like race, religion, that kind of stuff people are still free to be jerks.
yep and if you bleach your skin then you're 100% good to go.
You know, comments like this are why trump won
thank you!
By that logic, there should be even more Christian terrorists.
But I thought Trump won?
But he's so progressive, and awesome...
Knowing 2016 Apple they'll wait till a wireless solution becomes available
Just as long as there aren't an anal sex jokes.
If you get a checking or savings account at Affinity Plus credit union in Moorhead, they do something like 5 - 10 free counter checks a month, which are pretty much the same as money orders.
Tell me all about your experiences living Iran.
Ya George RR Martin really needs to figure this driving shit out.
Scooby was incredible that year
Maybe he'll get some Trump University vouchers?
Name checks out
Op... you listen to the jason ellis show by chance?
Don't tell me what to do with my money!
But what if that drunk asshole identified himself as a woman that day?
Yeah they should be pushed up to 30-40% of the value of the property!
Because people in the city don't use guns or meth, only dumb southerners do!
Sorta like how Gase is riding on philbins successful as shit coattails right?
Fleck to Michigan when Harbaugh leaves to coach the Browns confirmed!
So wait your 41 and your girlfriend's are usually 18-23?
Indians clearly.
Ikr, I'm not like those nasty leechers
I'm sure will be no unforeseen problems with this!
Cyka blat'
I was trying to order that 128gig as well, but too many errors T.T Did you get a refund?
Good for a laugh
COMMI!
This is all the states all the time.
Whoa, Lucina's better than Marth at something?
Yeah looks like it.. most good name brands don't even carry 300watt unless I'm going crAzy.
Yeah that's surely going to happen after censoring TD from all.
Karen published a tut on how to find offsets, so I'll look into finding them for our devices
444
Can they render a bootloop preview so I can see it?
Good one.
More iso it's working well
And I am my axes!
Not really cowboy action but still cool.
I'm guessing (as others have also) that it's 911 Porsche lover
Thai.
It seems to help out quite a bit with denser brushes, not that you would know anything about that ;)
We called that snowflaking them when I worked in a burger king.
But if they turned that lack of cover into trenches, you'd just become bored because of the back and forth that is trench warfare.
Yeah because now they must really care about the yemeni civilians
This reads like a conversation between retarded democrat pedophiles... \#pizzagate
Some beta cuck bluepill faggot let her use his computer.
Bout time.
Gosh darn social justice madrassas
I'm sure sex with Laci Green is outstanding.
If they don't charge the feminist events, it's fine fam.
Cant forget the wearwolf that was in love with her pre-unborn-daughter the whole time
r/nicegirls Was hoping to find a female alternative to r/niceguys but that was most definitely not the case.
Holy shit... TIL
If I am not running every single kind of stress test at once, am I really using my computer?
he's
Yep, that's what I say
That's really hard to say, as gender fluid is not only non-Newtonian, but also defies the laws of Gay-Lussac.
Well John made it out didn't he?
Pod racer Anakin.
i threw up in my mouth a little
I loved every minute of this episode.
Yeahh, he looks good though and would make me think hard about keeping Emitt as my RB.
But that's the whole point in playing games!
How DARE you be so indifferent!
They've widened his hitbox though so it's very useful when you don't want you not ADC to take damage, and they can shoot over you.
There is no such things as 'wrong move' according to our gov
Not really.
Why do you have to go and bring race into it...
As a Texas driver, y'all slow pussies
ITT: I find out that 2017 is going to be absolute shite and 2016 at least had one thing going for it.
I really want canals to be a buildable improvement when there is one or two tiles separating you from the sea...
my dad is an electrician and when asked why he doesnt do it upside down he said "fuck that, thats what circuit breakers are for" I feel super safe with his work
I'm just mad people keep trying to draw the thumbs on the hands.
Why weight watchers, of course
I love that we have so many heroes on reddit
playing warlock obviously my first thought "oh ye i have spell power totem on board"
Yeah, but in a 1992 that's a viscous LSD that's most likely turned itself into an open diff by now.
I think we can fix this if Valve binds the time slider to alt!
Name?
I'm still waiting on obama to make white slavery legal...
NIN fans since 1989 had the same situation with Broken lol
Can't be alpha, doesn't lift.
CC's on jordan brand too so i'm sure it was jb related.
Wow seriously, can we get a delete for using his name in vain You people really are the devil
The one person who has a plan and doesn't think that kicking everyone out of their country is the real solution for problems in economy, security, education, etc.
Animal abuse.
I don't feel like throwing away ~2 yrs of effort, :( + i don't read japanese so.. jdfo would be a pain
downvoted for laughing?
That sounds like slavery with extra steps...
Riven mod alors :l
Well worth the wait
Star Wars Rogue One tie in confirmed...
Because the white man messed it all up for them
They involve the word "feminine" and as we all know, all women want children.
I dont know, but there is a commerical about it somewhere
Yes it's stupid that Valve put in place a feature that prohibits people from derailing so easily.
If Rick Flair doesn't exist in the pokemon world, how come Incineroar is considered a heel pokemon
Yeah cos English was invented by Americans so they know better
Beautiful 480p too!
Must have encountered some jet fuel.
Yeah the moped was sexy!
lol git gud
lol you're a retard, have an upvote.
Wow I have never heard of a deck that has done that in hearthstone before
Mine is not K tho, not a big fan of OC.
NO I LIKE HAVING TO DUMP 45 ROUNDS INTO SOMEONE JUST TO KILL THEM!
Yep, the non scientist is correct, to hell with all the PHDs and ultra insanely hard work to achieve that distinguished position, I'll go with the aide to the orangutan-in-chief...
You know, I've gotten Jimmy Kimmel before
Alternative: his sister is psychic, always has been but she keeps it secret because she's in the x-men.
But its a safe space why would you think that?
King Gizzard &amp; The Lizard Wizard
I purpose we stop talking about the majority of US voters when referring to things and instead only talk about the percentage of likely US voters who live in swing states.
*You're* the problem!
Yeah, man.
Biology is a social construct you bigot, you don't want to agree with the big bad TERF OP, right?
You know, Putin wanted America to get stronger and peace with the United States.
The SSNP is not Ba'athest , Ba'athism is racial Arab nationalism , The SSNP believes in Romantic Syrian nationalism
Please remove the non-canon 8th desktop.
Savage af
Have him be brutally killed.
If you rather pay an extra $15 a gig, turn off safety mode via the my verizon app.
You must be Asian
That's the point of the joke man...
this shit gave me cancer
Porn.
Like we had a budget for twine
Yep, drunk drivers are on the front page of Reddit every day...
Oh are we holding people accountable for everything they Tweet now?
I like the overall design but anytime I see the face I just see a :3
Penicillin is making drug resistant bacteria, so it must be banned.
Singles over rated in day night cricket
Yeah, he watches the simpsons.
Last time I went to Timmie's the person at the drive through window barely spoke English!
A lot of these are absolutely terrible... 10/10 would watch
Must be why there are so many insane responses in their comments section
Be sure to post it again when it changes, we really need to update ourselves on things that can be seen by going to the standings
You remind me of the babe
Bill just looks like someone you could get a beer with, Hillary would probably order white wine
Honking helps the snow melt faster.
Was it outside the strike zone and he gave you a present with a strike call ?
To think that male polar bears can become cannibals and eat baby polar bears makes me sad.
A macbook
Nah dude, Terry is a poor shooter plays worse defense and has absolutely no clue how to run an offense or even play any semblance of PG but he's better
I guess the pitch condition was not English enough.
Pokemon
Be excellent to each other unless you being to bullshit religion
A dimension to another world has accidentally been opened in a secret research facility, causing the atmosphere and monsters to leak through into our world
Totally, I mean who on earth would want to get stroked by Kristen Stewart, what a loser etc
But, but.... states rights
You can clearly tell in this photo that Earth is flat and circular!
Ce legatura are o masina cu leaganul civilazatiei?
Thank goodness the included the headphone jack.
Yeah, but if everyone in NA played 10-20% better we would be able to lower the gap with Korea
got an xbox for christmas, traded myself up to like 10-15k invested all of that and traded it up and am now at like 90k :D upgraded my starter team so i can play with a somewhat decent squad in the weekendleague :D
never seen this before
PRO-WHITE ISN'T ANTI OTHER RACES, HERITAGE NOT HATE
The files themselves were empty or were there no files at all?
I mean who even has a CAR that has aux anymore?
We can tell by the huge balls it took to do this jump Oh, and
Druids are really just hunter-mages anyway
Can't you play on newbie servers still?
Wonder what's bad about the front
Yes, that is a reasonable comparison.
Then you weren't using Esswein right
Like someone else said, he would have been a fantastic president in a system where all the parties played by the rules and worked towards what's best for the country.
you mean like how the Republicans spent 8 years claiming Obama wasnt born here and then claiming he should be impeached?
I feel your pain OP, the game is literally unplayable without a snowflake mount...
Well the CEO should reform corporate law to reduce the number of board members before we go giving him a raise.
What a horrible racist
yeah, I basically pre-aimed before peeking just so i wouldn't get caught off guard
Ever since 2015 these classes have had a permanent removal of all A range grades, so that highest grade you can get is B+; therefore, it is not possible.
True, but what Brock did would be considered rape in most peoples books.
Yeah... I was pretty shocked hah
You forgot this
Won't you come
Forgot my
2001 : A Space Odyssey
You just need to give him more of a chance!
I'd tap it
Are you sure?
Totally unplayable 0/10
Screw the current one and buy a new one to give Nextbit money.
I cant believe you play R6 at all!
Deadly night.
Obviously our children are getting smarter with each generation.
Hahaha
I would also recommend psycho pass
Yeah but "sticking it to the Washington elite" was worth it!
No forms of -ism....I guess transgender activism should be banned?
capitalism works so well...
You probably should have then
3 keys would do it for me.
This, I like!
Thanks!
Vader could solo round 3 :/
I thought I saw a Battleye ban today.
Have you been to the_donald?
I've ways loved how pervasive House Baratheon is in Westeros even after Rob's death.
Yeah, my fiance's mom knows we don't want kids, but doesn't know about his V... seems now like finding out about it would be upsetting to her in ways that he and I don't understand.
Fake news
The blood stopped pumping once he died
The 3 million people who voted for her in the primaries were all illegals!
As if I didnt need another reason to like CJ!
Just a harmless man bringing an armed weapon to a family restaurant.
CD
This is nobody likes Favelas
dungeons dawg
30
I live on the border, so i get all of the fun of mountains of snow and negative degree weather for 6 months of the year but also the best political atmosphere.
Can confirm, my physics department is just full of ladies' men.
I think I missed adding an
SC is communal
It's for his wrist injuries
Maybe he got a DUI on purpose so he could get out of there...
no can do, need to unite the svechnikov brothers in 2018
*It's
I don't see this being abused at all
There is still a dedicated runescape classic server... But it's pretty dead and I think closed invite only.
Call of Duty
yeah, honestly is deeply ingrained in our culture.
I see them at thrift stores all the time for a few dollars.
Why do you think we've been upping our drone programs?
Definitely Pokemon
Shit, well everyone knows only real colorblind people see black and white.
You're a NASTY WASTY SKUNK!
But don't kids come from where the sun don't shine?
If you don't run 4 verts and scramble every play you're doing online NCAA wrong
Ahh alrighty thanks
Ah, austerity, the economic policy that always improves the economy!
Easy, if you don't sin then Jesus died on the cross in vain.
I am not sure which part of the story you meant but Riot did screw up M5 pretty hard.
Agreed.
I believe there was an episode in which the patient had really bad lymphedema on top of overeating.
Good to hear.
Next month is just a placeholder.
Government workers are so lazy!
I expect conservative pundits/talkers will say that Trump owns the economy now.
If you pick geb mid that is your fault and the team should pick on you
clearly it's only assault if they actually (successfully) press charges
yeah, I was
I am confused as to why horses are slaughtered.
Facebook seems like the appropriate place for that!
Bu-u-u-ut Trump has a thin skin!
ah alright, I know schools tend to look down on students who take summer classes (like I will unfortunately to finish my pre-reqs in time) I didn't know if it also held true for post bacc.
me too, thanks.
WotC market research showed that a significant portion of the playerbase found Kithkin "creepy"
2meta2furious
woah steady there vlad, your tinfoil is showing!
But don't worry that one question had a much bigger effect on the election than the hacking did.
That's the reward at the end of the charity
How anti-Semetic!
Well, she's just a peach on all accounts, isn't she?
delete this comment we have an endgame called fashion, stop giving DE ideas
this is why we need the
I've found it is significantly more when I'm away and for that reason I'm one of those people that will only play home games to at least make the game somewhat playable
Use
But bigger shield is Montagne's shtick
I ran across this one too; I wrote the requester a really long note about how tired I was of white people being discriminated against.
I could go, as fertilizer.
Looks like its SPD ATK ATK with HP/ACC subs..
Isn't it whiskas?
Clever girl.
Brett played like 4-5 years with the rule changes, he should give them back to Marino then!
he dropped this
Icecrown or lordaeron?
Fuck you.
you forgot the
Oh yeah I'm sure he's enemies with the people who revealed the hillary emails.
How long does it take to wash your boyfriends cum out of your beard?
OMG THAT SIGN SAYS MERRY CHRISTMAS I'M SO TRIGGERED
No seriously let's talk about 2013 guys that is more important
So when did you realize you were into him?
But if you account for all dem illegals
Yes, *physics* have great insight into the human mind...
Very true!
We call that fiat
Even before the gunshot, that classic heart-stopping moment of hearing the double set of footsteps in the same building...
"Why don't you have a seat over there?"
Then they do not deserve love.
Thats the spirit!
Best part was the dude denying the bro the fist bump at the end.
I agree by far, Forg1ven and Vander are playing so well together
But but, phantom range is toootally a part of a valid strategy.
Sure China doesn't give a fuck about its biggest trading partner.
Sounds like we need two kinds of reform then, one for body camera usage &amp; one for modernizing your rulebook.
Sorry
Your awesome
Nope, items only require level 10 at the most.
Not for everything, eventually urxvt in sway, but would be nice to quit constantly accidentally changing TTYs while I'm getting there.
I got that impression as well (or that he was trying to will that reality into existence by saying it, since that seems to be a common theme with him).
Unless he's doing a 1v3 or something.
I think it would be more "when an ai can read fake news and think it's real, it's as smart an average human".
Don't worry, climate change is getting to those.
This makes me hate kids now.
No Puppet... No Puppet... You're the Puppet.
I feel as if she's trying so hard to be famous.... Just a huge compilation of cringey jokes... Y'all can disagree, idgaf, I just hate this kid...
H2P!
You dropped your
Wow.. that's amazing a black circle
They cited a (small) injury for him, Mikel and Zouma officially via Twitter before the game.
You're able to download the original game somewhere with no updates, and I get 250 fps rather than 40.
In kandivali here it is best you can get although plans are expensive with stupid FUPs Mine is 15gb(50mbps) per month after that 1mbos
Oh, so you were censored by the cultural Marxists?
I love how we went from prequels that mess with the original cast not a great idea to look all over the place for lookalikes
Nice meme steal
what about the decoy snail?
\*throws salad in garbage*
BLUBB BLUBB BLUBB BLUBB BLUBB BLUBB BLUBB BLUBB BLUBB BLUBB BLUBB BLUBB
Where's the beef?
We need to crack down these dangerous ctrains... They're always running amok and hitting innocent cars and people!
That's where melvin gordon fell to and that worked out nicely
Petty is not at all a downgrade from Fitz with the way he's played this season.
I think that's megan salinas
We used to have all the land and money,... We still do but it's not as fun anymore...
Oh yeah dude lol I totally meant to fall asleep hahaha jokes on them rofl.
Because Malachai exploding into a pile of gory bits and blood and guts is fine, but saying "fuck" isn't
He said it took place over the course of a couple weeks (from finding out to abortion)
It's the Harvard of the Caribbean
Don't worry, I got my Gyarados at level 29 and Dragonite at level 30.
Hahaha ok man, thanks
Just like the poor Nazis and how everyone hates them for no reason, just because some of them have done bad things in the past...but one shouldn't paint all Nazis with the same brush.
Alright, I'll start stockpiling and praying today, thanks
I guess that's why Trump wants to increase climate change so all these traitors can just go live unda da sea!
looks like you forgot the
Frisco Warriors also sounds great.
When I saw Ryze I knew what was comeing :D Done this a couple of times in 3v3 thats basicly where I started playing Ryze recently.
For sure dude
About A Girl -Nirvana
Seems legit.
Yeah cuz the American people totally demanded the CIA meddle in Chile...
I'll take your word for it
I feel like in pictures like this you should have your covers on.
Of course, they'll just be black.
Yeah but they wouldn't be homeless if the Muslims didn't take their jobs and their homes.
Yep, that will all certainly offer so much help to the poor or lower middle class.
So basically, get a snorkel for my car, and never worry about a puddle again then?
In Canada it's on sale for like $46, down from $69 on psn
Lol I should have just said anywhere outside of the 485 loop
Would trying to shrink a sup hoodie fuck up the graphic?
Msi gaming app has option to disable mb led
Stop stop I'm supposed to dislike Penske I'm a Gibbs fan
Make America great again!
Quality power play
A positive outlook on life.
People use Google+?
It's pretty obviously a child...
Found the other Catholic.....
WATCH YOUR LANGUAGE DOGGO IMMMAA RRREPWEOOTRRTR UUU
Damn, I thought that December has 30 days...
But don't you understand... those farmers have more at stake because they own more land
Much fresh!
Probably why he was so pissed last game.
Its never the guy's fault, duh.
Literally every democrat was on board and every one of them is moderate!
Queue the prevent defense to give it all back
What the hell, you gotta pay for those, what are you J**e**wish?
first credit card skimmers, and now this crap
We need to get Maurizio to bolt a siren on his Ferrari ASAP.
Meme newbie
Bcs she's out of town, duh.
Nice to see people are still stealing my name too
What if his girlfriend came with a free 100 terabytes?
Trade his ass!
just move the cursor somewhere else
Yum
Yeah those are some perfect resources.
Ok then.
Umtiti is the Nincompoop of La Liga
ya fuck that shit now i have to be with my family for christmas
I'd go for i5 1st but as you wish it's a nice upgrade
Wooaaahhhh guys, he found the cutscene!
True Sight still worked against FP.
I can download my games and my ram at the same time
I was that weight when I was an 12y old boy and fit.
Do you use the iron sight or something like ELO?
Most angry sentinel planets seem to have gravitino balls, whether listed or not.
Survival mode.
that's not Zelda, that's Link
You should look into your local communities and ask them directly.
Almond Targaryen.
That he only has one weakness, committing fouls
Sorry to hear that.
Per liberal policy, if the attribution is incorrect, the entire premise is void and therefore pizzagate is a lie
Have you tried hitting her?
Oh My Shit
You mean taylor ham
Hey now, some of us are getting by with 44/10 pbps, 300/100 mbps is great.
Oops I didn't use my orbs
Sure, both groups are the same.
Exactly my first reaction when I see a pile of snakes
I don't think you understand what a clone is.
yup lol
He asked about fens street sewers, not the game in general.
Everyone, tell me what you would do if you were him.
Well, every woman who says she's been raped is obviously lying so..
I have orange witch's hat.
Being clean is fucking gay, real men smell like rancid nutsack
I love you guys, but watching someone get Noctis on his first 11 pull *ehem* makes me hate you all
Bad idea, just keep going with the same tired plays and players.
This and arm off.
What did you have in mind?
Yeah, sorry, didn't think to tag it with the
Shouldve thrown a screen
Please, everyone knows it's because of the New World Order and their satanic rituals.
Do you want C9 to lose?
fuck please god don't be Brandon Roy 2.0, pls pls pls
my favorite is vordhosbn
Fake; they had an Ana at that rank and *weren't* instantly at full health again.
An implied
Jules is always chippy
yeah the coastal cities are flooded but damn these libural tears are so delicious.
It's probably because they don't deflate their football anymore.
Here, you forgot this:
He probably wasn't wearing his high-visibility gear...
Cause that shot is butta
It's emotionally distraught spoken word set to chaotic strings.....
Did you get the OK from the person who gunned your ears?
Except when 3/4 people have debilitating arthritis in their hands.
Yeah, the guy who said Reagan was his favorite president was so against the status quo.
steamos
He probably wasn't even aware of the mistake he figured he did is time.
you cleary don't spend much time around elitists.
one trillion floating point calculations per second.
Thanks, I was struggling to remember the definition of the word 'rare' for a second.
Because for Reddit if you don't like it, no one else can too
Thank you for the well-reasoned response.
Zero.
Yep... China is a complete failure of historic proportions.
But that means he's a chad and will fuck and dumb OP for hotter FEEEMAAALLLEEESSS
the disembodied torso has spoken!
"Paid the bills and treated her good never cheated on her then I woke up one day and she was gone" I'm pretty sure there's far more to the story but we'll just notch it down as FEMALES amirite?
It's a threesix and I hear your shoes get stuck in the holes
The final "I lost myself" in Karma Police is just fucking amazing.
What, the weak era?
Commie
I think I'm done with Reddit for tonight.
Take your karma and leave...
Both underwhelming and overwhelming at the same time...
Yeah because the DNC accusing Russia of hacking before any proof (still is none) comes out isn't provoking anyone
something something creature that breaks board parity is bullshit
Not a religious man, but God help us all.
Lel
Not much different than a muslim saying we follow in the footsteps of terrorists
The IRA weren't a threat to the US though
Hail to the king.
I think you forgot to add
And they tried to tell us global warming was real.
Corporal punishment is part of any healthy relationship.
Looks like he missed the
So your mad that we turned our greatest enemy into an ally?
Word!
Anything anti trump is fake!
You dropped this
Ironmanluck smh.
&amp;gt;Lenin but not Stalin I blame liberal ideology
I have a friend like this with his wedding right now, but replace photography with COLLEGE.
el salario mas alto de latinoamerica
That guy totally understands the cycle of memes
2521
Neither was Obama.
Yes, the invisible hand of the marketplace was trying to kill her but big government intervened.
They can't, they are a small company and they need all of their money to survive.
Ahhh the beauty of exchange value....
He's going to be running things anyway, might as well give him the title.
Sounds like classic everyone should know
Maybe hold out for Chelsea?
If you don't ignore your family on Xmas to play WL, than you are a filthy casual.
I'll be really impressed when you can do that in (up) dog!
Just hack and get 5 twitch drones
Yeah using the kids at the hospital he visited to deliver a fuck you to the media is a real Phil Kessel move...
That's exactly how cover-up would sound like.
Good thing that's what the majority of taxes are used for...
Me too thanks
I'd bet my life they're rotating
For the same reason it was stopped; not enough people used it.
This happened a few times to me also
When life gives you melons..
oh god dont give me flashbacks...
If they always go red then they shouldn't be part of the USA
It was inevitable.
Hey, I listen to the Hardcore History podcast so I'm pretty sure I know history repeating it when I see it.
Then why they still got bootstraps?
What's a phone book?
you mean pussys and boobs
It's really a heavy cross to bare.
This has been my suspicion from the start.
Yeah, there are never any terrorist attacks in the U.K.
With more hate obviously
Remember both parties are the same
Can confirm all my maxed out donations, free time off work to mess around with the democrats and protest the convention was all paid for by Putin.
Obviously the working class American only matters if they are white, duh!
I agree, he should have looked up agree in the thesaurus and found some words that are synonyms for agree and replaced some of his agrees with those other words that also mean agree.
Then they aren't all diamond.
~~5/7 no 6 packs~~
It looks like Mayday.
to be fair he did say what it was best at and did list atleast one qualifier.
Stop wasting your datas on porn videos, Finland
We need a money bomb for Bernie right now, it aint over yet!
Lol they forgot Ereck Flowers
it's actually 0.7.0.0
Stop being such an SJW feminazi.
But what about that sweet comment karma?
Why would she do that when the most recent, independent estimate (Fortune) has him as a billionare, despite a considerable net wealth loss?
Paypal invoice each other
Saracens: camel and naval civ Missing shipwright Devs:
I wish NASCAR would run the boot too.
Should've had a sack/fumble
lol nice
My average time went from 42 mins to 35 mins.. I find this patch makes games go a lot faster tbh
They might even win back to back championships if you kill yourself, imagine that!
I only watch subbed youtube videos.
If my grandmother even mentioned saffron bread, I was outta there!
Any news source on this?
Spoken like a true progressive
That would mean using the search bar or reading the posts ;p
Nobody ever needs to move that much stuff anyway
Yes, because firearms safety is completely dependent on your political views.
Yep aka paradise
You should probably spoiler tag this.
This is a sarcastic post, right?
Pretty mundane NZ photos bruh, 5/10
YAY ANOTHER ORANGE MARS MAP.
It's better an easier to put your head in the sand and ignore any problem
Because it wasn't a two footed challenge
I disagree I am **the** main character.
Because people TOTALLY drink that as just a tasty beverage, right?
Not just that, but the past 30mins of Moe's stream has been very interesting in terms of roster gossip
AYY OH AYY
15 kegs and just 2 epics :( 400 scraps thoooo
MAKE CANADA FRENCH AGAIN!
Yeah I'm sure that's the only reason...
I don't even want to think what the inside looks like.
Quite a lot of them are now working on Overwatch.
"Yeah, fast travel is for losers"
Yeah I went karting once
Wont even edit in the
Do you mean that CLG would then have two rosters?
And Javier Tebas...
YEEAAAAHHHHHHHHH
Confirm!
Then Try Hentai!
Parents need to stop making Reddit accounts for their unborn children, I hope you are a miscarriage
Not enough arms imo
As a meat eater myself I have to tell you that you are wrong about the "respectful and good existence" part, let me point you to factory farming.
Seems legit!
r/jailbait, let's bring it back to life Reddit, we can do it!
*tips fedora*
At the time it was badass though
Yeah and all those nutritionists and doctors were in on it too!
And the KKK could be a really great organization if only more black people joined!
I personally prefer to hit people who can't hit back.
You guys are so friendly to muslims
No, really?
AT LEAST HE USED HIS BLINKER GUYS
Beautiful :')
Literally unplayable
ALL SEX IS RAPE
dont get mad at me for calling out your political bs
I'll get my friend 4chan to hack you
I'm actually pretty mad that devs left hubs in there hands
Isn't sunlight already energy?
But the benefits of Russian drilling in the Arctic outweigh to downsides.
Let's just assume everything is hacked, then.
Everyone knows kids aren't human, so racism can't be applied to them
The madman
"Historically accurate" Like detonations
2008 Thanks Obama.
That's not what he said though.
lmao Moe's stream is hilarious
I'll be watching the third Sharknado, as per the tradition I've started for myself.
it is not an issue since they remove it haha
Thick booty
Im sure his wife would agree.
I think someone forgot to let the dog out.
unless you want physical contact with said picture.
Yeah well i called it Nebby but with a heart symbol on the end so i win ^_^
Just added you, hmu
That sounds exactly like something a braindead lazy american pig would say
Don't worry, I'm sure Newt would have felt the same way about the Clinton's and the Clinton Foundation had she won.
Wasabi, it is just fuckin horseradish.
wow thanks for spoiling it dude.
Or... you know... share an account with 3 other dudes.
Mewtwo.
Yeah, because that description doesn't fit Chechnya to a T at all.
"That kid" There's three people in the video.
Sure, I'll edit sparky out too so the rocket can be launched at the nothingness that occupies your cold, cold heart!
The comic makes it obvious that they are in a relationship together.
those are likewise numbers you can totally compare.
Is it about her career?
Excuse me, comrade, you dropped this:
NICE SHOT QUINCEY
okay, are you free to trade now
The thing is, MTV probably wants someone to take the bait so they can label us as a bunch of racists.
Please only speak american on the sub.
Does doby have Velcro pads?
You will browse reddit eternal, shiny and gold!
So, like Captain Cook?
So what you're saying is you're a dishonest swindler...
sure the story of the last of us isnt anything amazing, what I fell in love with was how it was told, the characters etc.
And I think my 10 keyless is too small
What she doesn't know can't hurt her
Drunken Peasants, Waking Up with Sam Harris
Nice comeback.
Silly Podesta!
Made in America by high school dropouts that really could give a schiit, they simply choose not to.
They have a shit can aircraft carrier they fixed up and painted new!
I realise that, I felt like it was easier to explain that way.
He's staring at me like he knows some kinky fetish that I don't even know I have.
I don't get it, where is the
If so, that could revolutionize the sport!
This needs more upvotes, really r/aww
Yeah, just keep going.
I'm curious as to how you feel less productive compared to Yii or CI?
What, they couldn't tell just by the artistic merit?
It's an easter egg symbol of game companies like EA presenting full game content, but releasing only 25% for the same price.
HAVE YOU HEARD OF THE GO FUCK YOURSELF BAR
Upload videos
It's literally pressing R and then flashing
because only men do computer science/math to a higher level and are the only ones who can use that word
Wheres your global warming now!
It depends, will I need the gas to drive and pick up the loco, or can I have it shipped to me and I don't have to go anywhere?
You're not good at reading.
Downvoted for thinking she was hot.
Oh that camo worked so good I didn't even see the mag extension.
Isn't he still at AAA?
Socialist!
It's that star citizen game, stole all the crytek engine guys...
I did ctrl +F and typed bear, was not suprised
Shocking
Unless they flame so hard the fire department follows them around they aren't gay!
YES WE FUCKING KNOW IT'S BEEN REPOSTED FOR THE LAST 5 YEARS OR SO STOP THIS
Sounds like someone drank a bottle of haterade today!
How can something that feels so good be wrong?
Too soon.
Likewise, seems it's a good day to be left-handed or stuck with an azerty keyboard...
It's not about the legislation, it's about the ability of the court to overrule us.
Yeah, it totally wasn't the fault of the idiot that pulled across 2 lanes of traffic to bust a U-turn.
You and your free speech can shove these downvotes up your ass!
Because he's Anti-Establishment!
I don't think my joke missed, :/
She's lgbt exclusive now,it's completely different!
Where's your global warming now?
What is this "Demo" you speak of?
Can we demand Donna stops these public tirades?
Found the weeb
My secret Santa at work bought me a cat stocking, some candy, and a gift card to the liquor store.
Might as well change your name to Heartless
*Texas* typically, as she's slow enough to keep me from getting into trouble right off the bat.
More of an abstract, seeing as hitters all see different things when he pitches.
Goddamn, ruined 200 perfectly good people.
Spoiler much
We don't schedule anybody for gs, gsa decides on which cashiers to put at the desk.
OK thanks, not just me then (relieved a bit)
Cut off your head and send it in just in case.
r u thnkn wut im thnkn m8 ?
i try to and i think its impossible to do on chrome atleast , try another browser
Yeah man, wheres **your** side by side?
But how good was day for night though, aphex brought the rain gods down.
But all anti-Trump news is fake news, because it makes me question the t_d narrative and therefore my entire belief structure!
Yup, it'll be throttled after your LTE data allotment is used up
but he was just trying to start the conversation and raise awareness!
Should we play "I would have said/done..."?
I guess that justifies him :-) He is making more money, means he can do whatever he wants, fuck them rules aye?
The herd never knows it's being ran off the cliff, that's why it works.
You can kill radroaches with VATS before you pick up your pip boy.
"Burning at 1800 degrees, just 300 above jet fuel" WHY NOT EXACTLY 1500 ARE YOU AFRAID OF THE TRUTH
The Verge fucking sucks
why would anyone want a useless fat fuck on their bench
Shovel ready jobs
In other words, the "client's wife"
Stop resisting!
He was probably drunk
What size bottle fits in the safe and what size did you get?
It's Bart Starr the GOAT
But we're all animals hurr.
he reminds me of a troll berserker hero in dota
Lol yeah that is literally one of the most popular decks.
Product manufacturers hate him!
Forgot the second L in the alphabet
It's the newest one, I would hope it's not worse than any of the old ones
Damn liberals and their pc war
Dragon's maze for days.
holy $hit thi$ i$ probably the mo$t expen$ive thread on reddit ($_$)
When does Haiykuu S3 start?
99 Westbrook
Bupropion is extremely activating, which makes sense.
Pls just let us calipedes out 1st
BRAXXXTON
As I learned from reddit we are collapsing from the refugee crisis and the right wing, mainly AFD, will win the next election by a landslide.
If you neither know nor care about how gentials work or try to force yourself and others into compulsory bisexuality, methinks that's more likely to result in unsatisfactory sex.
Should of called him for flopping
30% of dems thought she should have been indicted though.
Yeah I mean the last time I checked Canelo isn't even a middleweight.
How does someone become a CEO?
And mortar.
I wish somebody would gun me down at my peak :(
You're supposed to find and kill drug PUSHERS, you SERF!
Nah, probably still got a D35 with 3.73 gears and a 4 cyl or 3.8L if the lift is this hacked up.
NO WTF Janna is such a complex champion with a fun and balanced kit
Fighting tankies makes you just as bad as the tankies
Are you kidding, for once, they are not on the french map.. I know a lot of corsicans that would love that
wut twith play pokman is stil a thig?
Oh but it's not abuse, it's just beating some sense into them
Yes every Canadian will have access to Internet service it will cost $100 per MB but hey everyone will have access.
Dropped this:
Stupid americhinese.
This works especially well with family members when you see them over the holiday
NORV TURNER FOR OC
And the fans of one of those programs constantly try to get into a dick measuring contest about the wins they have.
That's just Memphis
No, the only honorable way is to fight the war with only old weapons and tactics and make sure that no one tries anything "not in the book".
Must be a guy
Keep both, but don't power either up.
What are you talking about, it's always been official policy!
fortunately there's no chance at all that interests rates will increase at any point during the mortgage term ...
I feel the same way.
TL;DR: Qwerty's lineup - Mikail "Maikelele" Bill Faruk "pita" Pita John "wenton" Eriksson Fredrik "slap" Junbrant Simon "atter" Atterstam
Because HRC is like literally Satan.
It's L-e-g-o, you fucking heathen, no wonder your mum thought you were a shit cunt.
Or you can just tune into BvG's YouTube....
Yeah I'm sure OP knows the answer
Yes, why on earth would someone have a general interest in global affairs, boggles the mind.
If you know what should be written, it means you understood (assuming you didn't used a crystal ball/other divination method); therefore, it's readable.
Not possible in Germany, its illegal to use soldiers as a force in the country.
It's because they're home on a short week.
Only someone with an ego as big as draymonds would name their kid after themselves
Oh man, I am so giving that a long hard look.
those look like raid reward ones to me, right?
~~Igglybuff humblebrag~~
Carol's!
wubba lubba reference
Apology accepted, pleb.
You forgot the
Is he injured or something, should be at least +40
Dude... the rules are simple... get the exception then take the drugs... she didn't it... no pitchforks, gasoline or mobs necessary...
wtf, who put onions in my room?
Finally an y'shaarj counter
I always thought freedom was
Where have I seen that sweater before, I just cant quite put my finger on it
Wall Street booms, main street stagnates.
im not.
ive tried all routes incorporating doran's, dark seals, refillables the most reliable and friendly start was goingDark Seal + Refillable, and backing early for another Dark Seal and Corruption pot (700g) im more a fan of corruption pot over dark seals, but dark seals resell at away higher value than doran's rings do (although dorans ring is op for mana regen)
And Hitler did nothing wrong.
So is President Obama, or the upcoming President Trump, responsible for this?
Once again your flawless logic and concern for real world solutions to people problems is duly noted.
It's MTVs all the way down.
"Weaponised drop bear" is a tautology.
oh no
Shut da fuck up, queer
!delta
Nah relax the gun laws so we can shoot the bombers!
Because people have the right to life, not a good life.
I bet he logs on every time using 7 proxies too
You can tell shit went down when someone utters a sentence that contains the words "friendly maggots"
1 out of 1,179 ain't that bad
Dont worry these 3600 crores will be collected from black money hoarders and put to national use, nothing to worry about tax payers
Your analogy is too accurate and not metaphorical enough though
No loot?
This post is gay
Oh yeah, its the journalists opinion you are looking for, not the actual tests and their results.
No-supporters were, of course, cereal-eating idiots.
I don't like it, but 3 years... that's a long time so you'll have my vote.
They were also in North of France, they were simple Belgians from nowadays standard.
A bit mayba.
KKK confirmed
But God will provide new jobs to this most blessed state, right?
Yes you did, you just didn't fully research what you were buying
You're a good Canadian.
It makes perfect sense in French, stop stealing our words !
Same I usually get high before I go to work, drive, watch children, lift weights, etc
I highly doubt he will be showing up much after November 10th.
Because if there's anything the Bush administration excelled at, it was counterterrorism
I would assume it's really him because I find it hard to imagine paid social media staffers would post such ridiculous tweets
If there isn't another David Johnson card this whole promo will be moot.
No, you just don't get it, shaming someone because of their kinks and shaming someone because of their kinks are completely different things.
He's playing 34D hungry hungry hippos man, you just don't get it
I've seen a rank 10 Ares build spear of the magus first item, and another one who refused to build anything that wasn't an aura item, that even boots were a huge no.
I mean, that keyboard is so uncomfortable.
Well, you wouldn't have psychological pain if you weren't a sinner!
we understand that you want to play AP blitzcrank mid, but your team doesn't want you to play AP blitzcrank mid
I'm dead inside already, no worries
Aaaaaand voting Democrat the last two elections sure didn't do my family any favors, so why would I keep smashing my fingers with a hammer?
nu u idet banbo ez gurl!11!1
That sound like a rational thing to do after hearing one side of the story
*african american fuze
In the state department, they probably work on issues of women's rights in shitholes like Saudi Arabia.
should've got a 390.
"I am your father."
Make r/BuyItForLife great again!
OBJ's feelings.
Yes, this country has gone to hell in a hand basket.
Jesus would like a word with you.
When 4 days without a shooting in Chicago is an accomplishment, that tells me I most definitely need a weapon for protection.
The libural thought police is at it again!
Pictures always depict a scene from the past
But even IF he comes back to the NBA, it'll be a Sabonis situation where he's past his prime, still playing good, and we'll all wonder what could have been if he came over earlier...
This was perfect.
You forgot the
But then all the people with Nidus won't have any reason to play their new favorite game mode!
So, about that civility rule in r/politics...
How dare you insinuate people shaking their fist out of their window yelling allahu Akbar are more likely to be a terrorist
"The Chicago Cubs win the World Series."
Everyone will start using landscape to take cell phone videos.
Get both
Of course it's nothing like the real thing, but because of New Vegas, I feel like I've been there
*ahem* I prefer to be called "Scholar of the Science of Marxism-Leninism"
Because there is no space that is not within render distance.
I don't think you got his
Well guys, i guess because we can't do everything we shouldn't do anything.
Yeah ridiculing the small few that voted for trump and are admitting it was a mistake is exactly what will heal our country
Jeah i know it would be SO stupid if CIG would tell us now if they aim for q1 or q2
Yeah but they only voted for a racist because liberals kept aknowleging he was a racist
Mario characters
Ahahaha too soon.... too soon
I should just take your word for it apparently
I smell a kick starter... reddit we can do it
Particularly on US college campuses.
Have you installed the latest drivers for your GPU?
please post again so we know you aren't dead
Yeah this would make sense, double sense, munchlax ties into gen 4 and snorlax ties into the gen 1 anniversaries.
How'd he kill that QoP she's unkillable this patch
man, this is quality advice you are helping him with
"Global warmin' y'all"
I know who I'm finding next purge!
No it was the libtards stopping us from MAGA
Nah I definitely remember WoW players demanding that they remove all depth from classes and constantly prune abilities until most classes are simpler to play than a MOBA hero
This sounds perfectly safe.
We just need to be healthy again like we were in the beginning of the season.
Honestly, El Bofo
Anyone who doesn't take the immediate aftermath of a tragedy as an opportunity to show off their finesse at writing puns is surely just a stuck-up jerk, yup
That's what makes it so competitive!
Lies, your flair clearly states you are a Pastafarian!
of course we want Sundin
But that's different!
This question has never been asked before.
you forgot the
Com Truise
This is punishment for spending time exporting a standard range car
That's what we get with CBMM
I'm already using a keyboard and mouse on PS4.
Christmas Day.
**you better believe it**
What do you mean, I thought they were going it to make Xbox Love stronger.
Jimmy Bondoc - drug protector, dilawan
What do you have to hide?
The glass shards protect againt cuts from the buckshot
Cory assumes there'll be more than one supporter.
Maybe by 'worthwhile' he meant that Woy was hoping to save us from his retirement benefits through sacrificing himself.
I knew these guys lost some brain cells somewhere....
Erk, EU...
You just don't know when to take him seriously
You're right, but you need to be way above your elo to climb as ADC whereas if you play jungle and mid you can climb just by being a bit better than your opponents.
Read as risk of defecation, and suddenly EVE sounded a lot less appealing
Emperor God-King Trump-sama got elected president
The Eastern Orthodox and the toxictrads
Listen, this sub is about the group Perfume, not about selling perfume.
Just play Link to the Past.
But he treated you so good, you're probably just a slut who was fucking Chad
You could try remapping you controller with x360ce, but I don't know if it will fix your problem.
What do you have against Skittles, shitlord?
Yes, they should have named him terrorist
No problem, just wanted to make sure there wasn't any misinformation
Yes, you also get a temporary cape for Christmas.
Hopefully there was a razor in there somewhere too
Gus Bradley
Sam Smith - "I'm Not the Only One"
I feel lied to, those puppers don't have the teal and baby-puke yellow i was promised...
Peaking
.-.
Nope.
Whoo boy, this might be one of the oldest reposts Ive seen.
Take your logic and unbiased opinions out of here.
It's not really an issue biologically for women until 40-45, though I personally wouldn't want to wait quite that long just because I don't want to be 60 and still dealing with high schoolers.
Truly a hidden gem
Because a thousand dollar ultrawide monitor will totally help him
And put TLW and Ophidian Aspects in the far far outer left corner of the mat.
Fuck you I hate everyone here.
r/gatekeeping
just changed it, thanks a lot
Not enough dark, I would have nexted
It's about $400 difference if my math is correct.
Wow sounds like you're single, whats wrong with you?
I second this vote
I really don't know for that case.
Yeah man didn't you know marijuana isn't strong enough so you seek harder drugs, just like alcohol isn't strong enough so you start smoking weed and it's just downhill from there man
His adulation for Roy Keane prevents him from going full Pogba in the locker room.
Hasta tu edad por 2
Trump says a lot of dumb things, but threatening NATO, saying Russia deserves Crimea, asking Russia to hack Clinton, and saying Putin is a better leader than Obama is going to lose Trump this election.
Don't be a bitch, get both.
No problem, glad I could help.
Same :(
Every single one.
Would you recommend a gsync monitor?
I'd rather quit playing than not use Butland you meant to say right?
i dropped my
bbwaahhahaha totally real
Whew you really let her have it she must be hideous
So racist
Looks like it might be similar to Beauty Bakerie's Royal Tea
How about written text in chat "*drums get louder*" ?
a living death if you will
Don't you mean... crash shite
That's his first field goal in reliant right?
This is probably a dumb question but how do you know who has blocked you?
Also curious as tomorrow's Gospel reading was said tonight
Yeah, clearly religion is at fault here, not bad parenting and self-righteous and abusive authority figures.
Fucking Troll
We're watching Elf and I'm one of the dozen people on this planet that loathes that movie.
Anti global warming propaganda?
TJ is GaEY.
But the GOP assured us that this was the EPA's fault!
Yes, the ground does seem unexpected while flying thru the air in a suit.
I feel like she should get fined more for fucking with a bus driver whose job it is to keep people safe but damn I feel like she earned that $1000 dollar uppercut.
Except in the moment before they shot it they took the dog through civil forfeiture to make it theirs, so you killed them for animal cruelty, obviously
I have 2 370+ psn thegreatofnate
Whoa* Username checks out
I mean, Herman left UH and they lost like 2 games they shouldn't have lost, so you might be right.
Yes because huge companies are known for not doing shady shit against unions at all.
Is that the Tantus Hoss?
Better
I definitely need more now too!
The short camp is why he couldnt prepare for those body kicks
B-but they're just a colonizing piece of shit!
Interesting, thanks.
Instructions for the walker?
TV is telly here
Shrink is a GvG card
Merry Christmas!
Lucky you made this thread, otherwise i would have totally been a dick to Police, paramedics, fireys, nurses etc because im a massive dickhead.
so OP, how do the jews factor in?
Indeed, by the looks of his presidential cabinet he is gonna surely gonna drain the swamp and keep money out of politics
Oh don't worry just make sure to never use HEAT as it's cheating and I would never do that ever
i can one up his offer with $351 for reals
I played 3 games with him so I dont know which game you are thinking of considering I topfragged and did everything he wanted me to do.
Not being a man-hating radical feminist makes you a neckbeard.
This is Lebron James in a few years
You crossed over into his pathing and the npc freaked out
They're totally different looks when the only thing you change is your lip color
Sorry, good game well played
Look at that vicious killer.
Yeah but at least I get to be 6'4"!
But now we are fighting muslins instead of friends in White Russia
The people that post this stuff most likely skipped most of the days in school.
Welk yeah you're not supposed to inhale your chicken nuggets
Michael*
'your game is casual you have no right to live'
I think Rose is an idiot, but I don't think he's guilty of rape
Wrong subreddit
because she was innocent
He got rid of those pesky idiot normies who keep taking all the girls who should be theirs by god given right as they are clearly the smartest of their generations
Does 1440p gaming on a 1080p screen, kappa.
Haven't seen this question asked before...
So you're saying Saitama can't just NLF through every character?
Truth serum
That I was rented!
Missing your hands doesn't mean death, it just makes it a little harder for you to work.
Your white privilege would think that.
He's clearly not afraid of a tough fight, he called out Jon fucking Jones for gods sake.
Then he might as well buy the legacy
It was a joke, I didn't think I needed to add the
So how long before their staff in California gets laid off and they move it all to China?
They should go to a Pakistani embassy
You mean all those Calvin pissing on (insert brand name here) window decals aren't official C&amp;H merch?
And back into their caves where they belong
I didn't know you were Canadian!
Ok dude, you're totally right.
This is basically 4Chan
Think of what a wonderful life being a lab rat would be
Pssh how can a game be broken if it's already dead?
didn't ya know, all c9 fans apparently hate proofy
Yeah I didn't notice
It's racist if its black people obviously.
People that have undergone hardships are never assholes
This struggle is real
In fact, he killed -75 people, so he gets bonus points.
Because clearly its only us 90's kids that like gaming stuff...
0.o
MrBelal3021 396 Titan
Obviously the first half is on Earth, you can see trees.
That sounds nothing like cap imho.
now he's gonna get a ton of friend requests, thx a lot....fucking doxxing
In broken armenian it kinda means "i like u and spending time with you".
Learn programming or other cool things that the Internet can teach you.
No no no, having Rubio as a spot up shooter is definitely the most efficient use of his talents
She tried to feed her family her cancer-ridden father's organs and invited an invincible tumordemon for Thanksgiving.
Well if they all starve to death then they won't be homeless anymore!
Calling someone who said nothing racist IS RACISIM.
So did everyone else...
Muslims around the world are too quiet about terrorism in their name.
Mine was uncle Chaz Mo and yes from Philliy.
I pity you
How about that one throwing guy from Clemson?
Should add a
Well if they save enough money maybe they can afford new, better servers...
shut up trans fag.
No expections.
Yeah ea is in no way to blame...
Nope, we're all a bunch of sociopaths and just don't give a fuck when someone who created music that shaped our lives or played such meaningful roles in movies that they shaped the pop culture of a generation or multiple generations dies.
At least we know who David Bowie is
Whichever site has more backlinks and keywords, of course.
offensive widow and hanzo main for life
I assumed you forget to type in
Maybe they should have paid Brock franchise QB money instead?
Why would you sell it at a loss...?
Full story plox
Zie eigenlijk alles voor me hoe dit eruit zou zien.
no wonder joust is a joke
Yeah because the Thalmor are known for their complete acceptance of other races and belief systems and are totally **NOT** renown elf supremacists.
alright thanks for the confirmation and advice
Estonia has ugly chicks.
Typical SEC education
Now see when I saw the title I thought 3000+ MS = 3000+ Ping
He didn't go into a booth in November and push some buttons so that's all irrelevant, man.
Cause God hates the Lions and he's using the refs as the way to screw them.
I guess I should've included the
Yeah because the first half doesn't matter that's why the game just starts in the 4th quarter
Yes, because women generally describe the birthing process as being INCREDIBLY pleasurable and not at all 'literally shitting yourself while crying' painful.
Cant believe amazon is making you wait a year smh.
Last time the jews got deported that ended up well
Not if ya get em from a no kill shelter.
Well yeah any schlub would with that line and those receivers
What man wouldn't like a woman who knows exactly the right amount of pressure to apply to nuts?
...I'd much rather watch an American shithead make tricks with bricks
I thought I heard them say he was hit 20+ times.
...and Rohan will provide a stable approach to meet those needs efficiently...
This matters so much more when it happens in the nice neighborhoods
Anti tank grenade
We get it, you smoke.
Sponsored by facebook
Your comment isn't bait, no way
I agree, I hope thier clear explanation gets escalated to the top
Only if they hit those fat crits with their RNG in lane am i right?
Who's the chick?
##FEEL THE GRAVITY
He was a skater boy she said see you later boy
Take porsche, see you don't like it, sell it, buy the sickest civic you'll find and have about 10k left... EZ money.
Pfft...said the guy with barely 100k karma
Just needs to take his home state of New York and not even worry about NC, GA, and Arizona!
Officer *Edgar* Friendly?
Following the topic of my recent post: Oh I'm sure you didn't deserve MVP right there, Miya is the clear player of the match here.
We're not talking about blacks and whites, we're talking about Mexicans, try to keep up.
So where are you in Belgium?
I thought democrats did the most for blacks
Yeah, I wasn't expecting "Fuck the Polish" either :/ not nice.
It's better that way, because it makes reaching the top shelf easier!
Yea textures is definitely the only thing missing in the shots from 2012.
But the rumoured loan to Liverpool really made sense
Lol dude, you're kind of annoying as hell.
Could be easily abused to just dodge all good players/counter matchups
Time to bitch until they give it to us
Your bro [probably] isn't a professional football player, though.
Did you read the known bugs?
porque no los dos?
Isn't that the point of this sub?
Well since we've never had one this is an interesting thought.
Oh ffs
Squatty Potty
Any source for that bit about people who think others are poor just for being lazy are pretty generous?
**Reddit:** Innocent until proven guilty, let it be decided in court where the facts can be laid out, until then, let's not jump to conclusions **Reddit on an Israeli:** HAHA IMAGINE THAT, BLOOD THIRSTY, MURDEROUS SCUMBAG, GUESS THIS MAKES ME AN ANTISEMITE, RIGHT?
You are an evil human being?
On the radio?
Oubliette is $24
Zeus and Anubis are totally on the same level
Look at your teams logo bruh
Yes, execute him now
Another shot fired in the war on Christmas...
Were you vaccinated?
Bro, **clearly** Lightning is better, cuz she has pink hair and boobs.
What anime is she from?
W2c new balance
Because leaving or trolling it ruins the game for everyone else
Launch Scale B in to space obviously
I can't wait till they get to the synchro era when their pokemon evolve on motorcycles.
Of course the Unitarian is the one advocating for other religions like a good person!
Unless you play for the warriors...
but...but...but... what about all the black on black violence?
All the people shaming him.... I wonder why parental regret isn't talked about more!
I assume she meant a few appetizers and desserts on top of each of their entree's, and most likely 1-3 drinks each.
Yes but did you know there is dota 2 which you build etherial blade on meepo with that dagon you can kill everything 1vs5?
Aight we back in it boys, I believe.
Nice to see you listen to evidence
Fitzpatrick is smart though.
You compare the price to that of an iPhone, but an iPhone has pretty much none of those features as well.
Kappa =
I mean they aren't republicans except for Ben Carson.
Worms.
Ironically, clicking on this thread gave me the mouse cursor corruption... :(
Hmm... how can this go wrong?
cool, now you just need to get to FPL in GO and you'll be average
Because they're *guys*.
Playing russian roulette with the hostage
Alternatively there were three cars headed the wrong way and the fourth car was simply minding his business then WHAM!
no heck off
Never satisfied
Jebus, just download more ram
How did never forget turn into never forgive?
But lots of folks have their justice boners up and that comment totally ruined the mood.
I'm sorry, but I have a hard time believing that you'll be a cooler uncle than me.
It's still in the barrel of the gun, DUH
Thank god I partnered with a company in Belgium to buy 400 Air BnB properties in East Nash... CHA-CHING!
Finally not another baron steal
I wake up with a song stuck in my head almost every morning It's strange
Forgot this:
The obligatory *git gud*
You forgot the
Someone posted some Stravinsky garbage in here the other day, I nearly flipped my wig.
Dude that's literally all I do
So wait, do you go back to the kitchen after a meal out to tip the cooks?
Thats a funny way of spelling Osweiler
Yeah but Alex Smith is bad
Ha, yeah, because an anime convention is a really hostile place to be an sjw
Thanks bro!
Well if you hold your grudge long enough and wait for him to graduate....
Higs Boson
becuase she is balanced
Send them to reddit
Riiiiiight, and the New Years Eve fireworks everywhere will all be because Trump is the prez elect for 2017
But sure, drop rates are "fine"
I hope not!
It's all the media making him look bad!
Well that seems understandable, with such a limited pool of tech talent in SF
"News" is meant to be half-sarcastic, you're not supposed to take it seriously
Now I can promise to honour people after game instead of lying about getting them a skin so they won't afk.
Super-Takumar 35mm f/2 with adapter.
Everyone know its Public Test Realm
TIL that septoplasty makes you more intelligent.
Funilly enough AlphaBridge backpacks are the only AlphaBridge items I've ever found in my 2 weeks of playing the division up until now.
I'm not 100% sure or anything, but I'm fairly certain the sun is always shining.
Superbowl XLII - NY Football Giants.....
Geez, you could have paid for it first!
From now on, I'll never search for my wild crazy horse midget gay furry porn when I'm using someone else's WiFi
Oh good, I was hoping for more romantic rivals.
because you're obviously a fucking MURDERER and RAPIST!
So you spent a day in loading screens is what i see.
Oh yea, let me fix that.
I'm sure thisteam will last longer than 1 event
Meaning they don't have ethics.
At that point it won't matter because a few other people will make a lot more money
Something has to fill the cocaine bucket when it runs low.
Yes, it was a report.
This is kinda insulting to Harriet Tubman.
You forgot to mention that your Uncle works at Nintendo also
Definitely full of #2.
No, it's made up by evil atheists to suppress Christianity
Oh, I totally didn't realize that you forgot the
I didn't go that far but I no longer have an Xbox or tv
Ahead of schedule and under budget!
He won a superbowl!
But macs can never be hacked!
I mean, no one wants to admit they ate nine cans of ravioli...
Wait a sec, that's a funny looking salad... You sure that's vegan?
But if the moon is orbiting a planet and the planet is orbiting the star, doesn't that mean that the moon is also orbiting the star?
You wanna play at 15 fps?
My exact thoughts.
She's dressed too sexily
Commando Turkish Pizza, reporting to please
The worst part is when they say automatization will make the rich even richer and everyone else unemployed, yet if you ask why the rich should own the means of production in the first place, they will look at you angrily...
What a great victory this will be for the Alt Right
its called F I R E S
To people downvoting: this is a reference.
did you manage to benchmark any origin games?
If you have the rig to support it
I know, those Corgi's were terrified.
Ah yes, toronto of course
The innocent have nothing to fear
Clearly you suspend the whole school!
Yeah, Westwood is really nice card to have.
but why do so many companies still say press whatever button for non-rotary or stay on the line for rotary?
That MythyMoo clip at the end.
goddamn liberal media bias
It was
Bold nature, which it has, just missing Regenerator
But they added 30 cats for your home instance.... priorities
Thank you for sharing your awesome moment with us, and congratulations :) Validation and recognition is a wonderful thing to get, enjoy your happiness!
Socialism!
I've never been happy
Such an exciting card
at least i am not dying alone.
you forgot
The enemy team never expects it, he pulled off a great strategy
yeah thresh's ult damage is very low
I think this is in the entourage movie when shes watching that weird clip of johnny drama on the internet and suddenly realizes her water broke and shes going in to labor
But does it have Battletoads?
No, I'm sure A&amp;M would've turned down the deal for the good of the conference.
But Ka-Mi Box Tenk is now 1.3 so not all is lost right?
Did you just assume their disability?
I'm shocked, shocked I tell you.
What brands would you recommend?
No, see the complaining is good and totally not just as equally annoying and entitled when it's *right*
White power!
Sounds fair to me
Nurse is balanced
Thanks :)!
Dear God fuck off
Nobody plays golf in this weather.
Dirty waterfall
TOTALLY UNEXPECTED
Sounds terrible
What game mode do you play?
Let me be the first to thank you for all the original content you've contributed.
Obviously because puppet Trump cheated.
Shoulder, waist, ass if I'm really drunk, keeping the gun aimed at their spine if I'm kidnapping them.
No problem just give me the digits to your account
Take your time, Trump, don't overexert yourself.
So the snake catches Pokemon now.....?
Right, the millions of people who gathered to mourn him think he was a shitty leader
Actually it's more simply, "men explaining things to women"; though usually there is emphasis that the woman knows more than the man about the subject, because women are smarter than men.
If Thor: Ragnarok doesn't have this....
NO, FUCK YOU, WE GOIN' CHOO-CHOO
How are you going get that blackwidow into an mitx build?
They don't want games that "promote violence" unfortunately :(
Yea, we all know the Orangutan always sticks to his word.
Good to see our tax dollars hard at work
I hope so
[[Twincast]] targeting Garbage Fire, because you already took the correct answer.
How big is this Duluth Pant factory?
Corrupt people are standing in line/losing sleep over it
Please do Reed Solomon ID when transmitting
Because it's that simple lol
Yeah it's been what 7 years since they developed a player.
This game is p2w and I have proven theories if you have a booster on while playing a ranked game you have a higher chance to win
Theres another game?
Hey guys get a load of this libcuck amirite?
Last game he sniped with one
Do you know if it was in the documentary by any chance?
* Press Print screen key * Recover screenshot file in StarCitizen\Public\Screenshots folder
There are also backdoor and bugfixes that secures your phone ;P
You dropped this:
How dare the Japanese call Taiwan by its name...
Even easier, just spend $300 on a watch!
It was nice of Bethesda to bundle a game with our purchase of Creation Kit.
But the US is society
We need 64 tick servers!
Got it, if I'm in a game already, will it pull me out when an opening in their match is available?
Facebook must be a lovely place for you
:C
AFAIK Pedos are housed in a different section of the prison from the gen pop because of that.
Yeah, he should have never drafted Dak Prescott!
Local 175, Chattanooga TN
you should have purchased the Razer RGB pad
Sounds like an excuse to use your CCL
Too much tails in this pic...
dans' (Terribuilder's) games to me have always been the most known for the "large team games" as back in the day around 2013/2014 he hosted Rto8 fairly often, and those games were awesome.
With the exception of some Recorded Rounds and videos I enjoy, this is basically how I feel about the state of the community.
?
Which isn't at all the reason why the Clinton investigation didn't find anything illegal.
Obama's Legacy...
hey sir, i would call 911, there some guy named Faker Stalking you
Yeah, its on the right and its a red button that says Unsubscribe.
Would be fitting for every of my champs, cause im always carrying Trash.
1 or 2, yeah.
He had his doctorate in sick beats.
But but but it has such a higher wattage for the price!
Misleading username
C'mon guys, whats wrong with the ceo of one of the largest oil companies in the world who has strong russian oil interests?
Cops really know how to have a good time, don't they.
You're like the guy who wants to hear about all the people who lost at the casino instead of just the winners.
That part I got, just can't be arsed to do it while on a porcelain cruise...
To be fair, the current President is a Muslim-atheist from Socialist Kenya
Sa wakas nakaporma na dn xia
Right and why would admins who have shown they can edit comments want to manipulate whats on the front page.
We're not as good as Americans at shitposting though
Play Verdun
But muh anti-American circlejerk!
I was more annoyed by his ignoring the obvious to talk about how good of an agitator White is, especially when Mitchell scored after White was supposedly messing with his head game.
Then they turn around and restock all that stuff, if you wonder why your deodorant bottle smells a bit funky.
I'm offended because you hate me because you hate the world we live in now.
the add was hexed but fine!
Your dog's missing some hair there, might wanna get that checked out
Gonna be Gurley next year.
What a great nation
I think we'll call it... Proprioception!
top right are the baron 1s and the middle right are the shadow 1s, you should be able to find okay deals on barons but shadows are pretty expensive
This will be great for all the jetsetters that live on Crenshaw and travel for work a lot.
Oh boy I'm so glad my Vectis prime only has one shot in its magazine so I can take full advantage of the mod!
2016 - Du hattest eine Anstellung!
Yes, profit is terrible.
I think the cooler is the nicest part of the whole build.
In Civ VI you can reach the renaissance with your third tech.
Tyrone Woodley will lose it against mcgregor
This bitch think we evolved from mermen?
Female, under 40, no family history, physically active, healthy weight... Zero fingers, clearly I can have all the alcohol and soda and carbs I want!
The latter I believe.
MVP is usually like 90% of the match on fire, that definitely deserves a card imo.
Just
It's Pokemon GO man, they basically *invented* AR.
I'll just leave this right here
lol..... youre a genius
Definitely, like a jitterbug for kids instead of just the elderly
I do.
is that a new brawl?
What, you'd prefer the global warming ?
It makes sense, all the species are actually just different birth defects from inbreeding!
People don't read smh
Dang, that's exactly what I thought would happen.
That was the Real Jack Harkness you're thinking of.
Theyre warmer than normal shorts for sure but not as bad as pants
It's got 4 outlets though, tie them together and you've got 60 amps to charge with
B-but if you remove the cervix, your intestines will fall out!
I have an OpTic jersey does that mean I'm in OpTic?
Nice
Dunno, but he's never been in a movie like that.
No see it's hilarious when I go to her facebook page or twitter account and spam her a bunch of insults that she can't fight or act and she should just go into porn or kill herself haha!
Everyone knows the only part of an article you're meant to read is the headline anyway
So this thread has +300 comments and only 33 upvotes... Seems legit
Well now I know what I'm doing next on my farm...
Is there a list available for the current rankings of TSFTW because I can't seem to find one anywhere.
Yeah but Don Lemon on CNN said that isn't true so I'm going to believe him.
I'm here to drink milk and kick ass, and I'm all out of... oh, wait.
And teenage girls are usually pretty level headed
Neon green is basically the same as yellow (I'm color blind) and have no problem with this...
Hahaha, this is fair.
It's almost like you're not supposed to cut parts off your dick or something, weird.
as someone who played adc since s1 i'll give you the best advice you will get in this subreddit : dont play adc, you are still new and you still have time to escape.
Forgot the
All ankle too, not even close to the ball...
No Brainer do it
I have the exact same size/color and genders.
Nice, I found mine last year after I moved and it still had pictures from 1998 on it.
Because the patriarchy is too busy hypersexualising and objectifying women to control itself of course !
But it was Wilson, so naturally there has to be a penalty.
Is it a shitpost or a shit post?
Better responses than the Ravens.
Yes, but does that mean he's a scam artist or just a whack job?
Thank you very much!
Kuwaiti imperialism?
Two beta cucks showing each others fist size so they can jack each other off
Asking the quality questions.
I would do the same thing, tbh.
Maybe he looked at the my golf spy video on Reddit the other day
You forgot to ask if OP has fully functional climate control to prevent the dog from catching a cold or becoming too warm.
I wrote 3 reasons...
Stupid man, doesn't he know he'll make more begging and being on welfare
Yeah, all the teams should be like EF
But it makes them feel terrible about themselves so its all good
If you're gonna joke, end your post with
Not really I usually stay up till 333am and then sleep until 1:24pm
They're special
It was just kisses!
Most likely the "Star Wars: A Galaxy Divided" mod collection on the Steam Workshop.
Let's ban voting until we can figure out what the hell is going on.
this has to be trolling
Yeah add more for the 10 virgins who have done that...
I'm still hoping there's an arc where one of them gets taken by homeworld soldiers and we get to see ruby and sapphire for an extended period of time (and maybe their fusions).
Ah yes, Jim Crow and stuff.
Yeah me neither
On the contrary do we really need Kirk to have this leverage at the negotiating table
Yeah but he's black
10.10.2016.
Yay!
Just pointing it out.
Don't forget what a monster Alpha was at first
I don't think there are any.
Those are part of the comments yes but there are others where he acts like a complete asshole or like other peope said, cynical
His tattoos are something else.
Doesn't it make you feel better knowing that all of your sacrifices are helping a banker out there somewhere make payments on his new Mercedes?
Yoko is even worse in the Manga version.
Walking along a line so fine that it's going to snap anytime...
As an ex-uq student, I endorse this comment
I swear, at day 505 you will finally unlock the italianTT.
Read a confusing book written centuries and millenia ago on separate continents in different cultures that scholars have debated over for centuries
you clearly haven't experienced VR.
He was probably texting so he didn't realize how close he was to the rail.
I won't do business with robots who've replaced human beings, unless I can't tell that they're robots.
Boorda was a covered murder.
Except for maces....and wands.
For a hermit kingdom they sure release a lot of bizarre news to South Korea
Definitely not fascism.
Ryan and McCain are wishy washy spineless weasels while Flake maintains a little more integrity.
No, Sean Murray betrayed us all and we've all collectively taken out law suits because we're grown ups.
This needs to be the next ToS , its like an even more ridiculous version of the wrestling one they did.
But it's a perfect learning opportunity!
Definitely a breaking india forces conspiracy.
Uploading all your audio from the previous day takes time you know!
:]
"Omg just do yoga that'll make everything better."
This comment makes me so angry.
A spiritual pilgrimage we all should strive to attempt during our lifetime.
Her hair is in the Danger Zone.
It's okay guys, he's shadowed a couple doctors
Dear comrade do you have the source for this picture?
Don't tell me a joke
how do you mean
Yeezy resales are in shambles
His entertainment factor is through the roof.
Or they didn't want to... the third reich was just a huge publicity stunt to sell rockets to the world
All natty Dolce bro
Iron Balls McGinty.
Cuz, we clearly aren't oppressed...
nah dude, nobody can rank up while solo queuing, every rank is elo hell
Connery bond takes it but largely by fluke
Wow now that you put it that way with all your supporting evidence and legitimate claims, I can see that you're totally right!
If this is symbolic or something, well played
Id rather my property tax go up.
Your trolling game is as weak as your team
Sarcasm is super easy to convey with text
Sikh pun, bro.
You paid for a chicken and it started producing eggs after you bought it a nice coop.
Basslanta night 2 and Pittsburgh NVSB are a real close #1 and #2
Which is where we get the red/magenta ink from.
A quarterback that throws no picks, duh!
Yeah, the last big La Nina year (10-11) totally sucked.
Thanks, I need to figure out if I have motronic 1.1 because if not I'm reading that there are two sensors that are in the bell housing.
Yeah a holster not covering the trigger guard is a great idea
Sorry i dropped this
Again?
B-b-b-but Le Drumpf says mean things :((((((
Rushing the Note because of Apple is what got Samsung in trouble.
Nerd
and every other animatronic that didn't make it in wont because fuck those guys am i right
Didn't literally Hilter have Parkinson's?
But that extra money will surely help to make the servers stable.. Right?
But, there's no such thing as racism and white privilege, you're just trying to stir the pot!
But those bars are so much healthier for you that a plant.
Because that TOTALLY won't be abused, right?
Kirby pls?
Nice.
But you can't be Brown and British!
I've never been thrown to the ground, had my cellphone taken, handcuffed, basically arrested, and then let go without an explanation, no.
Also there is not nearly as much food, selection-wise.
My dog likes to growl when he is happy so he scares people some times and we have to explain he does that out of happiness lol.
I got gifted 2x Titan XP with Ek blocks already installed
You mean it's just edgy teens that want to throw molotalvs at cops
Yeah right why should I even listen to someone that thinks the death star is real
Quero saber quando ela vai tirar ''presidenta do Brasil'' da bio dela.
It's ok he meant "thug"
You can do that combo he's trying to do with the head butt if you have V Skill activated, btw.
I like Laura and old man Logan is interesting but I really wish they'd revive the original
Obama got to protect his boys.
"I can see Russia from my house!"
If they didn't lie about buying a box of shit, they're not going to start lying now.
And that, my boy, is how I joined the mile-high club with your grandmother over the baltic sea.
Gotta get those small donations in to bring down the average contribution total.
This ain't banter fella.
1,342,526
noo its gaey if u touch balls
lit
Is there a good putty alternative for osx and linux
Pour a double, obviously.
The abbreviation "ED" had me on edge especially after all the drama
or he could just throw the phone on the floor..
But guys the earth is flat.
I'm laughing so hard right now it hurts.
You can always visit a screen door factory while you are there.
Yet...maybe...just maybe, you shouldn't commit crimes in the first place?
sent
West Yorkshire, the town in the valley is Hebden Bridge.
Then they lost half of it with people getting their coins refunded
Good question.
Yeah, guy who uses infinites is pretty good.
cause all European countries are underdeveloped?
There are ZnS tubes in the Verruckt's area, and one of them is displaced, another broken pattern
sure, and i was asking what you think happened.
You forgot
This, and the Oedipus Complex, obvi.
*sigh* why does nobody but me have a delightful torture mezzanine?
Trump suits made in China.
they didn't find it neither did they find the reel step.
Yeah I call Stolen Valor your comebacks are too on point for you to have been a Marine
Except body pillows, only freaks use those.
It's not as bad as you think
True, but it is much easier for minors to purchase drugs through a black market made necessary by prohibition than through a legal network of regulated vendors.
It (the clown) in the sewer drain was just the worst.
Yes but then EA played you like a fiddle!
Yeah the second highest burst mass in the game is bad for headons
maybe we shouldn't be so happy they had a good time
Because noone would ever abuse that.
Themes are more important!
Thank god anime didn't teach me to keep animals enclosed in my house and make them brawl to the death or to pick a fight to the death with just about anyone who looks funny!
Sketchable, Drawboard, Grapholite
Because there's no air in space, silly.
those tings are best used on hardmode giant mole
Wait, so is this just playing the pass out game with yourself?
This got really weird all of a sudden
The last "S" comes from the second letter of "esquire."
How shocking that the Grand Bigot Party hates gays, Hispanics, Blacks...
As well as amazon's page to rent or buy the movie.... Legally....
correction, only lead paint can be used on food preparation surfaces.
Downvoted for using the word racism, you filthy liberal
Please be
Meh, you get great hours and all the prestige as a dental hygienist.
On the up side at least an air handler isn't filled with fiberglass!
But, Harambe *is* a god.
What a surprise.
Yeah, lets take this great game and take all the fun out of it by limiting it to bolt actions only!
Sorry, I only look at the covers anyway.
yea but mindlessly bashing something is fun
Nah, just git gud
You young sweet child.. enjoy your years!
But did she *intend* to lose them, that's the only thing that matters.
Well I've never seen it.
Maybe it's a prototype double action 1911 (at least on the outside) where only one example existed but the devs thought it was cool and put it in the game!
rm -rf /*
But he's a child it's OK, it just children playing
I miss that color scheme
Whew, good thing those minorities voted for my candidate, otherwise they'd be voting against their own interests!
Let me just take my power in the company has a salaried employee, and make that change
The the lady next to Rondo was like "no please" lol
your analysis is correct dispassionately, but does not persuade anyone, any time, to continue living under tyranny human psychology is such we would prefer the unknown, with likely failure, rather than continued certain abuse, yet security so even though you are correct in terms of reality, you are wrong in terms of human psychology and motivation and so the revolutions will happen people prefer the unknown with likely chance of failure, rather than known stability, with constant low grade abuse it might not make sense in terms of realistic safety and security analysis but it makes sense in terms of human nature and psychology
How dare you even ask your incel to lift a finger
That was the cheesiest love scene I've ever seen drifting is not so easy you can just have romantic moments while doing it
They give us toasters, and we are supposed to tow the communist party line, right
It's okay guys, women have a higher pain tolerance.
Use the barbell
Not sure if picture is Spain or actually Portugal...
+1200 mhz on core and +1000 mhz on mem LOL, novideo kids dreams
Maybe but the guardian doesn't.
Smart
The clemsoning is coming early this year.
None, the AP... oh wait - what they said.
But it was so loud!
I got my sister's blue glittery ti-83, and I think people thought I was gay
...and as the number 38 came into view, it was obvious; I am a genius.
Well, since all men are potential rapists, the Amber Alert was justified.
Yeah prisoners are a sector of society well known for not having experienced physical violence in their childhood homes....
Came here looking for this comment.
"WTF 20 PING???"
The description mentions a spider, and the third photo had a view of it.
Yeah but he was fired, which is worse than death
Michelle was probably *thrilled* to have to have gone out there in the first place.
Lafawnduh
I think I'd call bullet holes less vandalism and more attempted homicide, but maybe that's just me.
Crash Bash.
They turn a weird keller when they're dirty, just ask anyone dahntahn or dahn sahside.
your assuming he only falls asleep once a night.
BEAST.
Yeah man,I didn't say I'm smart
Yes, because you can win the Champions Leauge with luck alone, also maybe the final did'nt entertain you but it was far from the worst final in terms of team quality, that's a pretty important diffrence
I know, they're so rare, it's hard to get candies for them
there was a smoke i think :D
Curious too, this pattern looks sick
My bad forgot the
This guy's like those people who move in next to an airport and then complain that it's noisy.
Well he turned down my contract offer on Madden, so fuck him.
Yeah, that's really worth hundreds of dollars per person
Now that's the good shit.
ofc hell yeah
who doesn't like Taylor Swift, have you seen her legs?
Doesn't everyone have white biros?
Why are you answering my question with another question?
Oh c'mon, ask any liberal, stuff like this simply CANNOT happen.
Normal people also are never in the position Hillary has been in.
What a racist!
Check your white privilege.
Ooooh TIL
this sub is now officially the sci-fi version of r/chiliadmystery
Waterboarding
Ayy lmao
A trip to California had me paranoid about this stuff, as everything you buy says it could give you cancer, every single jacket I looked at had a warning that it could give me cancer.
Welp, looks like now everyone is gonna be ESP cunts...
Yes, lets blame simple for this c9 fanboy
... and then make a post on how much Windows 10 sucks because something broke in a future update and that Microsoft doesn't give a shit about power users who remove parts of the operating system to fucking save 150 mb of space.
Taco trucks are clearly being used by MUSLIM TERRORISTS.
I am a purplekin and I am offended
hightower pubs
Vagina dentata!
Jesus was baptized there too.
Curtis "Kevin Pillar" Granderson The Grandyman Can
Hey if it 'saves' money and labor who cares about saftey right?
What are you talking about he streams all the time
Shit.
but we don't fire The Gays!TM
nopre ur wrong someone else got it Mike: 1 hte:0
That is why I love Torts
He probably paid them off, that dirty fucking cheater
Another thing i'll point out now that I think about it is that they have done some other interviews today already
It appears your parents had the same feelings
he needed the space for his portraits, I think we should forgive him.
The pure incredible audacity was just fucking amazing.
I mean I understand the hate and all for her but sometimes...ugh just shelf the bad idea and save it.
I think it's been confirmed that she is going to be a season regular.
Yeah but isn this little bit too drastic i mean 4 divisions is quite a lot
To be fair, compared to most other Olympic basketball players they're making hella bank.
Don't be silly, nig- I mean black people can't be elected
.05 cents were added to your account.
Umm 150hz is way too much peaseant, 144hz master race
unforgivable
*serve and protect*
Out of 20+ servers, 3 managers, and 4 hosts, we were definitely all conspiring to ignore this chick
Because the guys who write the movies &amp; tv shows are often men with feminine traits, so they write stories where men like them get the girl because women won't touch their dicks in real life.
Re-watching the video you are completely correct, that fence attacked those poor protesters out of nowhere.
Still not muh Soopamane!
Heh just wait till you feel and itch and all your hair falls out
Yeah, I'm sure HRC will be struggling to hold on to NY.
Why would they destroy phones with hammers because everyone knows clinton did nothing wrong?
Europe's loving our 16 million though!
Yeah pm me
Yeah, nothing quite says diversity like all black/brown!
You're confusing him with Karlsson.
Wait our D didn't lead the team in TDs?
Cant wait for an Android release!
Big SHUT out, too.
Probably doesn't help that every time it does come up, after the game ends and it's time to switch sides all the defenders just leave so they aren't forced to attack.
He must have gotten his second anointing I mean the Merc with a mouth and does everything the church is against and does it with no fear
Probably.
I knew that.
Huh, I wonder why Windows comes with its bootloader, and I wonder why a lot of Linux distros come with GRUB.
and it would be so easy to produce because they would all agree to do that in a heartbeat
Cause they are children playing a children's game
Yeah Erdogan is a saint and the Turkish "republic" an upstanding member of the states of the world
I thought they were fighting
Yeah because Hillary Clinton is a good representation of the 3 billion women on earth
a subtle way of letting your fiance know you're pregnant?
Yeah, because all those ministers and even the pope drive Lamborghinis and eat foie gras for breakfast.
Curious as to why SoundCloud support was removed?
But, he crossed *a line*
Rank means EVERYTHING in this game, if you're not diamond, you can't be in the pro league, also, on XB1 diamond rank you see people getting spawn killed in every game, it is very game breaking , ubi NEEDS to fix it, please make this game easier to play because I can't handle getting rekt in ranked...
here is the obvious
Barspoon maybe?
Never experienced this and I've been there about a dozen times with many others in their 20s.
Maybe the last 10 years.
You forgot the
And here I thought my S4 was the nicest car in town.
Lo mandiamo avanti noi il paese figa, altro che quei terroni tutto il giorno al mare
I guess because Gordo came to us and bought supporters beer it wasn't real?
Should have added "PSA" to the beginning of your post.
Yeah deportation to a warzone is a proper response to fraud in a Rechtsstaat
And here I am, just thinking of all the disappointing hugs I've given dudes because of my A Cups.
Hmmm.. it really makes you think.
not with that attitude!i!i!i
Looks like a session
Seems like a legit reason for someone to score better than someone else on a test...
And we are just swimming in high quality backups for all positions
jack would be freddy and rose would be toy chica new otp
everyone knows there's only one 13:00 every day.
Try SMC Fan Control
But he had free health care.
Killings at an all time high, definitely a good president.
nah bro 10 times 10% is 100% chance, its guaranteed
Fat cat teacher unions are destroying America
In before Disney!
Well, at least you weren't a dick about it!
Added!
I'm so glad Jihad Jockeys aren't a thing!
I'm fairly certain it is, I've managed to rank up twice today.
buy the single fan gtx 1060 sc from evga, not this one, the heatsink on this one is extremly shitty, there is a thread about it on hotpage rn
I think you're missing a
But Halo is already DOOMED
Similarity = Reskin Don't you know that's how it works?
I wish I had your body :( You look great!
Doesn't he already have a planet named after him?
Yes, we are in fact talking about large groups of people who update their expectations based on the presentation of new facts.
But it's *sooo coooool*
Everyone knows gamers never succeed in life.
The warranty expired, had to buy a new and younger one.
There's an article?
Sorry to inform you but you are clearly not deep.
He's so unplayable!
Yes, yes, think of the children!
Because Obama is a Kenyan born muslim that is secretly working for ISIS and China.
Political correctness is the most important aspect of a President so yes I do regret it.
In this scandel of the day media climate it's the only way to keep the story going.
mouse lift expert lul
Oh but it all happens so fast and in the heat of the battle they don't notice.
It definitely helps me talk better and more clear and confidently.
And almost died with that coughing fit.
you're so generous!
Now that would make for an amazing episode.
Lord_Coltor 354 hunter
College and a shit ton of internships.
Well having a wife who is 8 is totally not pedophilia
I'll pull the Van around so the media can't catch you collapsing!
Top die is top die.
If you're disappointed by a golden gaytime while expecting dick, then really I don't know what you expected
I thought it might sound familiar, but I guess Lockheed used a different voice.
in the menu click on system then sound then check the box for play sounds in background
GIBBY
You found the toy.
They tend to call them gay pedophiles, because they don't like wymyn with cuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuurves.
Yeah, sure.. Everyone on garena got Demigod's that says "#1 overall in Season One".
Please link me some examples
Pfft, don't be silly, only brown people can be rapists
"or polar bears".... no, that'd be another kind of bear.
#BLACK LIES DONT MATTER
Nah that would be toxic.
Too bad it likely caused their children to be born autistic.
They have wheels, I have to walk all the way from my spot to the entrance..
omg he like totttallly gets our generation xddddd
You dropped the
You may have noticed faction scrams have three points and specialist frigates were introduced to specifically give you a means of dealing with this, of course if you choose to ignore all in game means of dealing with this, and meta on reddit, no one will criticise
Brexit says hi, shill.
Witcher 3 is crowning achievement of our programming skills in game development.
Like they should make planes out of the black box material?
We are all driven by the darkness
Damn what a shame
Justice - Civilization
Sounds like a healthy relationship you've got there...
He knows a few places to stick that chocolate pudding pop.
Why are you so angry?
I always heard smoking stunts your growth, maybe giving your plants a pack a day might help?
2 C4 on a shield sundy does drop the shield, but it also takes off ~1/6 of the sundy's health and gives the "sunderer under attack warning"
I don't know of any anime set in Saudi Arabia
what gave it away?
Stool
So you're saying that the way a fusion rifle works is that you charge it by holding the trigger then super quickly pull the trigger for each individual bolt?
But boo hoo I gotta rev it out to go fast where's muh torquez?
wow, korea is really sexist!
But was it on company time?
niko is lucky
Yaw..
Someone wants to learn the way of the force?
That's definitely a coincidence.
Well, I hope you achieve your high-speed, poop-by dream very soon!
Your ps4 is looking out for you, it's trying to give you longer double cyrptokeys
What industry?
Its intended use is to load it into a self-programmed software to extract the score.
You have to walk just right to get one once every blue moon.
F
Catz are great people-warmers when you're cold like a bear.
Denial is a hell of a thing to deal with huh.
Fitting that the referee sided with Lindelof
one more hit to tie Rafael Palmeiro and four more to tie Lou Brock.
If not, I can give you one.
Added
FNaF World Update 3 leak
Awwww, you HAVE to be kidding me!
Iheanacho is better
The parrots not quite dead yet
You forgot your
It also heals you if you're a spy on defense disguised as an enemy.
can confirm
But as long as it saves them 15% on their bandwidth bill, amirite?
Have you tried really hard though
"excuse me while i use my white privilege to pay the same price everyone does for a steak at the store and cook it on my white privilege stove and marinate it in my racist salt and oppressed pepper and Worcestershire sauce and cook it medium privilege, with a side of racist mushrooms sauteed in a red wine privilege reduction sauce, oh and i'll use that racist math that my white privileged brain has and count out how many white racist crescent rolls im gonna have at my KKK Hitler steak dinner"
You'll be doing God's work.
What about the massive amount of players who don't play the raid because they don't have people online they play with?
Usually it's better to have two
nah don't get a cross bow, take too long to reload, get a sling and throw rocks at people really fast.
Its cheaper than buying brand new in NZ
It's only been 2 months, don't let this catch get away!
I'm sory sir here is a gun you can now eggsecute me if it helps u
Im 5"10 if i was 5"12 i would be soooo happy
And I'm sure the fact that their entire country is a lot smaller than a single city in those other countries has nothing to do with it
Online.
It's a dialect spoken by the freeest people in the world
plot twist, it's actually a grand scheme to let terrorists launch attacks on the commies from within the EU.
Because analogies made in a fictional universe translate perfectly into reality.
Pfft he said *white* and Catholic.
Well duh, the scientists who predict them obviously work for Satan.
State sanctioned bestiality torture is a myth!
No cats allowed.
"It is not homophobic to say someone looks gay..." That was a response to someone saying that the kid in the picture would enjoy getting raped in prison because he looks gay... It's totally not homophobic though because that guy said so
What are normal looking aliens?
What a dog shit celebration, GLB getting shafted again....smh
Alright lets wrap this shit up so we can talk about expansion to Seattle/Vegas/Vancity!
Those lil' grifters.......
"Joker"
But it's my right to transport drugs and consume them at a music festival!
I'm sure he paid $70 just to have *anybody* go with him.
Because separate but equal has never caused any problems in the past.
That's just a right wing conspiracy no such thing exists.
But opening it affected the exotic chest..
Consensual!
Here's ur
PS exclusive?
I feel like this is a huge reason to look through the window opposite of the runway right before you turn final.
I thought they rotated with the wheels
I mean didn't they give him a purple heart for his service?
Oh shit was it a whole family?
Your project was creating a number?
Theres no way Florida could lose to an FCS school......^^^again
Bruce Timm at it again
Mario endless runner... Nintendo sure is bringing the fire and upstaging all these mobile devs.
But...but Rawls is supposed to be the steal of the draft and put up top 10 numbers for the rest of eternity.
Holy shit, the oppression!
No, that's drum and bass.
60 FPS is the maximum framerate the human can see.
Or he could step into 2016 with wireless headphones and controller
but he was a businessman!
my boyfriend says I give him lots of orgasms all the time... a-are you telling me he is a liar?
So... she's guilty, right?
Its got Horses, but you are too dumb to know that.
Yeah, they're not even hot so it's disgusting.
settle down satan
Go on...
Even getting the vault door open without them noticing should have been impossible.
Invest your money in something that will actually benefit you.
Oh but she is undecided!
Pokemon Shuffle was very good until the most recent stages where you forcelly need to spend coins to get an S rank.
Expect that is not normal didn't you know everyone is an expert on everything they talk about?
I use linq frequently and optimize away later if needed
The windows aren't tinted.
Yeah but that only matters if you have the right personal convictions.
Fuck me... As a Jungler Main who mostly main champs that require little to no mechanics, this is gonna fuck me up for sure in one of my Yi games lmao.
Thanks for posting the disc threads almost daily!
That explains the importance of the sand snakes
But I want to keep circle jerking on the Apple hate wagon.
I think the message grandma is trying to get across is "I don't like black people" but it's a little hard to say for sure because she's being so subtle
wait that last shot with the rock i think this was filmed on my collage campus
Yes because wireless devices were just made today.
Thank god that they reduced the AT numbers from 12 to 10 so that ECM wouldn't be hugely overpowered in such an enclosed environment.
Because girls are "too delicate" to play baseball, duh, didn't you read?
Furthermore, using a usb port is a daily every day activity, throwing heavy solid objects through glass panes is not.
We can turn Emilia over then.
CoD 16: battlefield without cars I guess
I am sure checking his diary will show he never met or knew of Theo.
Fuck them cause I have to pay an extra 100 a month
You're giving 2 options, ofcourse your only answer will be "yes"
ENFJs are super rapey
Congratulations on being better than the impure sheeple who vote for Hillary
Psst, I think you missed the
Does this mean no Fallout Online?
Hey now, failed physicals are OUR thing.
Not recommended, but sometimes desperate times call for desperate measures.
Not related to zombies, get ready for the banhammer chef
Ones that abuse temporal meta, of course.
Just curious, I honestly couldn't remember if it was you or u/ureallyshouldtrustme
Such a good shoulder peek
Yea I think whatever is distinctive and starts off being referred to by this reddit has a decent chance of spreading so go for it can I vote for the large building with the field fenced in near it on volk side to be called the brothel
better laugh about this than cry.
Bring back hanging I say!
You forgot your sarcasm tag....
OBS Classic or xSplit, still trying to get it to work tho.
Wouldn't it be cool if an ancient let us jump to our HZE at the start of an Ascension and work backwards to 1?
no its just a phone
I feel dirty rooting for commies
"This is the real me, YOU DONT UNDERSTAND"
There is no MCC team
Yeah, what was Obama thinking invading Iraq like that?
At least it wasn't GMO corn
All one of them?
I guess I'll just knock over million year sculptures because hey it's just a fucking rock right?
Don't you understand if someone's homeless they ARE going to murder you?
When did Joss Whedon take over the show?
Remember, everyone: vote democrat if you want to stop racism!
you obviously need to read more since your euphoric levels are low from all that beer and cycling
This is one of those instances when you should be able to edit a title.
Ohh Id buy a phone with a 3.5 jack.. Can't wait
When are you doing this me and a friend wouldn't mind helping out.
but he isnt a leader?
If it helps, almost every decent BF3 and BF4 server on PC has a sniper limit.
You and Tony can be Eskimo brothers.
Krupp hasn't been the same ever since they stopped making cannons!
I think a lot of fandroids are happy that their phone are the ones left with 3.5mm jack... I'm pretty sure they're not gonna copy Apple...
damn, how are you so good at micromanaging shock cavalry?
Fucking millenials
Wow what a gentleman...
Tell me about it... I fell and dislocated my shoulder last night
Xb1?
\#10 was the best.
[You lose your ship at beginning of KotFE, and the present in Chapter IX is he finds it and returns it to you... that's it lol]
Maybe our first round picks won't fail their conditioning tests this time
Clearly Apple is loosing their way.
BREAKING NEWS: Big Alien found in a lab in the United States.
meh i mean if you're burning 4000 calories in an hour I wouldn't be surprised if your heart has gotten lost in the folds somewhere
love the example xD
panthers are telling the NFL that they want to feast on some defenses this year...
I'm not saying that's what happened, I was just saying how I felt after reading that article.
So you pulled on a banner where 2 of top 3 head lining items were duds for you and yet you're not quite sure why you're disappointed in your pull.
I'm pretty convinced it's like half Russians, a quarter preteens who think it's funny to support the "meme candidate" and love being on the "inside" of a joke, and a quarter actual Trump supporters who also like being on the "inside"
Reel Big Fish fans...
be happy, you only waited 1minute for a Q pop
This story really reminds me of the insurance business.
uh, you mean midgets, europeans and asians?
this is exactly what happened to me... except she took so long to read the disclaimers that the systems had crashed by the time she pressed place order
I took this picture.
It's America's fault
You do a very subtle job for a novelty account.
I played Emi's route and got inspired to lose 100 pounds.
You need to learn to infer
If it makes you feel better, I've always thought Assange was a chode.
nah this is definitely the worst and meanest season EVER
But police are next to Jesus and can do no wrong!
Forever the twitter banter king
I should have added a
you say that like his skin color and hair aren't enough....
yeah im sure your 9 year old version of this was this high of quality and detail too
Fuck it let's just sell them to slavery.
Surely the refugees who failed to get asylum will return home like she said they should
Oh how I have longed for a spray version of tea that takes five minutes to brew, there's no way this won't catch on
Yeah, because you can go up to a violent situation and ask if everything is alright
Yea totally, pearl harbor shouldn't even count.
and optical image stabilization on the camera
Probably either spinal tap or catheter.
None of what you said was presented, or even implied, on screen.
Well yeah, this game of golf was like yesterday.
Maybe its a prank so someone could say that they had "sheet" on your property.
Your dropped your
Typical Hernandez goal.
I wonder what new insane thing he will say today.
If it weren't for fearmongering, Trump would still be a B-level Reality TV star that only a few people were familiar with.
If BMW could figure out how, they would require a dealer visit to check the air pressure in the tires...
And 89 of his subscribers still upvoted him lol
Some really oppressive monogamist thoughts here.
Every good "defense" needs at least average WR group :P
To make it worse the deaths are only "kratom related", most the people had other drugs in their system.
But, the gear is ultralight!
God forbid alsaka be in the bottom 9
We all know the real story is that Mexico is sending their rapists.
yeah, but now is played, lol Source 2 confirmed
And it's not like caulk would have been way more than enough to hold that thing on at 80mph and be fairly easy to remove without damage.
You're very passionate about this.
Have you tried explaining how they work?
You forgot the
Yeah if you're going to have your soul cut off from the Jewish nation, might as well be for a quickie?
There's plenty of gay porn on the internet.
Ask Berter who is the fastest in the universe.
It really sucks.
Because that's going to be fair and unbiased.
oh yeah, I wasn't angry or anything, just really amused :-)
You had me at penis.
Nestle
The real Americans are sovereign citizens like Bundy's.
I've edited it ;(
Didn't see that
Maybe you delete the review, return it, don't review for seller again, but different product in a few months?
yayyyyy less options for everyone!
It's just the lighting...
A friend of mine set the SSID of his Wifi to "virus" so people wouldn't try to log on to it :-)
What's Aleppo?
Yea I'm sure that's why.
Then we can wirelessly charge the desk, it comes built in to the new Apple carpet.
PS4 exclusive
this was totally not made up by OP
OH YAS OH YAS
Fuller, Riddick and Wentz get my vote.
Well, they'll look white and delightsome, so yeah, halo effect.
thanks for the help
I don't have XBL and I never had a problem doing that... You should contact their support.
stop asking for hand outs you spoiled brat
Tesla's rocket blew up
You xenophobic, isolationalist racist!
Is the PS4 Pro the PS4 Neo or is the Neo something else altogether that's still not announced
Didn't Hudini fall for that one?
What, no Facebook page?
Lmao I pay 1700 for a two bedroom in north york not even on the subway line in a 40 year old building you're full of shit
no bad, no bad
Lamentable porque es imposible se ganar.
Good thing Seattle has learned from that, and won't allow itself to be overrun by a single industry again.
Only half of his shows though, at least he's not late to all of them!
Too PC to admit whites are superior, Sad!
Two turtle doves
Who needs science when you have religion?
It's only creepy if they're ugly.
Haha thanks captain!
This picture with no context is all the proof you need.
We just need more MTX to help fund the game so we can get these updates.
I think Aeroplane Mode should be removed since I rarely fly.
Sarcasm buddy, sorry for no
Happened while they were on vacation.
I wish she was still being photographed on the regular so we can stop recycling the same old shit.
I
Its.. true though
Seems perfectly normal to me
Great way to encourage your team
Does last night count?
Please, make an argument for why having medics be firefighters is bad but having firefighters be medics is fine.
This way Canada will have an excuse when they lose again ;)
Luck better than Wilson confirmed
Just looked at the TSA website, this is actually the correct one.
There are plenty of bears near Wrigleyville..
"Terror coming...Daddy coming..." **Cho'Gath, The Terror of the Void** Yeah, they are always on line with the things they say and do.
Yes because WSB hasn't been echo chambering this for months already.
Oh you know me!
Black is Baby confirmed.
I'm sure Hillary supporters are going to all go vote Trump now that she's called out the alt-right element of Trump supporters for what they are.
Showtime is over boyz!
The correct way to play the game (get this ODI crap out of my face).
I for one would love to live in the parallel universe where Saddam Hussein had acquired nuclear warheads.
for better or for worse...
Wait a minute, back up your phone, I would never of ever thought of that, why would anyone ever do that, sounds super stupid
Are the mounts time gated or so?
checkmate atheists
Such an awesome job!
Whew, my boner was activated
Well, according to my one data point, it doesn't matter too much either which way, but seems unnecessary and slow if you only get a certain # of superlikes a day
Icefrog pls
its funny when i found out about relatively the same thing about death knights more than halfway through wotlk.. when i played one as my second character lol
Reasonably intelligent child with mental health issues fails to recognize his potential in his education and spends his time post-graduation working at a factory being underpaid and failing to challenge himself with hopes of a better future as a result of an eventual college degree unless he crumbles under the weight of half a million dollars in debt
While I wouldn't want a 'merge' per se, I would really enjoy having a lightsaber hilt on display in my cabin
EDEN, EZ
But murderers and rapists were just abused as children and only need hugs and they will rehabilitate.
Thanks everyone for the info
Sure.
You were saving this one for a rainy day
Changed you mind about Sylvan?
Very mature
It's because they're all children
I have really good ideas for comments and replies but I can't word things as well as the rest of you.
Boy, good thing you brought up this viewpoint, which we would otherwise have never considered!
Oops guess I was wrong.
facepalm.jpg
Because capitalism is fine when the workers are the ones running things!
And McDonalds' cards.
Maybe OP is European
Take my upvote you ________.
Gee, I wonder why Britain would deport such an upstanding noble person.
Seriously though, her health is fine.
We should have traded back into the first to grab Aguayo
Alkol haram
When you realize your burgers are made on the spot and you get a bag full of fresh cajon fries, it justifies the price imo.
God damn..what a classy individual.
Because they don't prevent concussions
Man with all the fainting and having to constantly hold onto railings for stability I'd say she is definitely healthy enough to serve as President.
She also had lead blocks in her vest.
what about Uplay that's almost as used as Steam
Mine is grammar
Ray Farmer didn't draft these 14 new rookies so they do not matter.
Or a different devil...
Because anyone who wants to learn about European politics from a European institution is clearly being indoctrinated, only UK institutions give a real education!
Youtube clinton seizure disorder if you care
WRLD
That Faecebook fetish was deeply disturbing.
Yeah, I always lose control over my lower limbs when I have pneumonia.
12, latest Nvidia drivers
Cigarette butts and paper.
CzechingOutGoalies?
Is the black one supposed to be a dinosaur with red hair, a crocodile guy, or another wolf but with a weirder head?
Fak.
E
Gota get those fantasy stats bro.
Why are you such an anti-veteran, anti-American asshole?
You need to add a
Yea just take a day off running for president, skip a 9/11 memorial event and hope that your political rival Donald Trump will let it slide...
lets also not forget ease of construction - is it easier to weld a box together or a flying saucer.
socks
I call dibs on being Hopper.
They aren't attractive so it's okay to make fun of them and not sympathise with the guy
She only rigged a primary
Has it been six months already?
Something something, should have dropped Rooney
They have that yummy stolen aftertaste as well
Ya, not amazing
OMG You're being such an insensitive bitch, don't you know that "nice guys" never stalk/kill/rape/maim women in public duh
Cheers, that was the case =)
He was probably aiming for that T71
Use the Hell's Retriever to retrieve it
i hate everybody who helped make this
-330 happiness with Freedom means your doing Freedom wrong
How will a Reddit post help with that?
Thanks for the help.
The buff everyone wanted for the underrated ash
GAY
Just don't tie them into a man bun.
I guess that generation was just too far superior for us to understand
There's a Vander Mill in GR now too
You dropped this:
Darrelle Revis is DONE if he doesn't move to safety
Wow, wonder what makes the price such a steep difference.
Really isn't that terrible.
There's a scene in a famous children's book set during the famine where a pack of feral dogs try to eat the main characters, three recently orphaned children trying to make their way to their grand aunt.
And yet an MRA's ridiculous strawman's idea of a feminist would *still* make a better feminist and human being than TERFs are...
Are chief fans the new heat fans
...despite her insistence, she failed to learn while living abroad as well
I'm sure the unconscious 70 year old will be kicking lots of ass, guy.
At that price definitely Voss, but think of the fancy glass water bottle it is being served in
we totally need to draft a young guy to replace him because he's obviously not good enough to be an NFL qb
guess it should be illegal to hang ur countrys flag in ur lands
Apple kills 3.5mm, Samsung kills kids
But they are people scared of losing their shirts when metal prices skyrocket and force them to reconsider their previous principles of balancing for the sake of the game, rather than for the sake of model profitability.
That's sexist!
Now that's the kind of positivity we want to see...
Probably a graphical glitch
Well, I'm dead then
He was just trying to liberate her from her oppressive culture.
Ok that's two
So... how long till you sell the Mojo and the Ether?
So that's where those unidentified washed-up corpses come from.
B-but it would ruin my perfect figure and I would need to spend 3 hours in the gym to get rid of it!
Slowcord trying to cash in on that ez karma SMH
I'm completely shocked
damn Wintertodt devaluing all the new exiting FM content.. How am I supposed to have fun burning different coloured logs when I know everyone else can burn them as well
lol why are "Detroit Muslims" gasping... I'm probably missing some really crucial peace of information.
Ron Howard X Joel McHale
And that's exactly some of the radical left shit being spewed!
The Pledge of Allegiance
But didn't you realize that's because ABI ruined everything Goose Island makes?
It's an *audio* glitch...
Damn free karma, where do I sign up.
Yeah because all you need for gaming is the xbox, hur dur.
hold up lemee get on adobe photoshop real quick....
Xfdsdd?##:74$&amp;5
Bench him, he's not good enough
But then where would new features come from?
But not quite a chair.
Yeah, it's people of colour now
*hides my pokewalker and digivice*
I'm sure the mods aren't gonna censor any more posts or comments.
I can't wait for Alex Nicholson to call Danny Roberts (who is black) a racial epithet.
All of this is telling me you didn't do enough studying.
In my opinion, brushing on a deep eyeshadow is so much easier and faster.
Which is unreasonable, because the areas thick with minorities and poor are the most peaceful and welcoming places in our society
Starting a profitable business is easy.
Same as the Xperia phones.
Five year's time... Trump's second term!
Origins ofcourse that map was a masterpiece
Yeah, how dare you talk about a Star Wars movie that came out a year ago in a thread about the Force?
Should just hire fucking ugly bitches so the kids can focus on their work
Are you sure your throws aren't curving downward at all?
Yes, regrettably, i have a penis.
Because they've been fucking scarred for life
And people want a woman for president.
The tanks in my dungeons really love it when I pull bonus mobs from packs we haven't aggro'd yet because I'm trying to DoT all the targets in front of me with tab targetting.
Yeah, obviously cops should kill people instead of risking lives.
and a facebook stalker
It's literally sophomoric.
Awwww yea!
Saudis gave her millions to increase opportunities for girls and women so they can achieve full participation in all aspects of life.
M Gardevoir-EX psy/fairy and the regular Fairy /Garbodor/Zebstrika to counter a lot of Meta decks like M Mewtwo,Greninja BREAK, M Ray and Giratina-EX
If you look at some people, you'd almost think we're still feeling the effects of this bottleneck
Logic!
Never heard that one before
A big plate of my favorite foods, only to discover it's thinly layered on top, just covering plain old rice.
Shit, we all just got got
How about "le fuk no my man"
Omg what a fuckin SHITTY name for a cat
Did you ever recover?
Also, catch your cleans from there and shoulder press from that position
Just video them being abusive to your dogs and call the police.
why would something that's dead come back?
Surely an audio glitch
It's clearly Hillary's fault
Jeff Fisher playing the long con and used a completely different playbook against SF.
But mah assists
Florida?
But it doesn't praise the Taliban, how can this be considered the best?
its*
Hah, you fucked a man, GAYYYYYY!
What are you saying, that Clinton is falling apart?
But you have Wii Sports!
I don't know why, the 'moderate' rebels are surely honorable enough to stay true to their word.
Grind resources for hours until your driven to hard drinking
That's the right amount of time I need to finish with your mom
Literally unfuckable
That last drawing is perfect hahah
I was raised right but that pig still looks pretty tasty
Just you
Avoiding things like *I'm* or *it's* in a blurb seems like overkill, though.
Probably some poison and vaccines that cause massive pneumonia so he can get out of prison.
Installed it but my app looks the same
Since bad cops are "such a small percentage of all cops", I'm sure the good cops in his department will oust him immediately.
Yeah, the government has never done anything wrong!
because those hubcaps from 1994 Econolines are so valuable
Except when it's about the FH launch date.
But holding a button doesn't simulate a 'struggle', mashing space bar is a struggle irl.
Anyone old enough to remember who we were being swamped by before Asians?
First Act instruments are extremely high quality
Don't Brazilians know that the only true way to run a country is state-run companies led by the leader's cronies and bureaucrats.
I'm surprised this isn't bigger news (outside of reddit and the hill).
Yea that makes them practically the same person
Chances this is nuclear testing?
Or toast
I fear this is the most helpful answer I'm going to get.
Completely unbiased perspective right here
That's what propaganda and bias does :/ no need for critical thinking and self research
Unless Megan went maternity shopping early
He was right.
get your sandy vagina the fuck out of here, asshat
Of course.
Just add 7 quarts (or until it's over flowing out of the bike)
hammer forged, rangefinder, shot package
True, levelling to 55 is so god damn annoying.
You'll be stuck with tusk for the rest of the game though..
Whats wrong with it?
I can rekindle that feeling for you ;)
I know right, if only they was major text fixes I might still be playing
Romper stomper
inb4 it starts using Pepe the Frog as mascot soon
sarcasm missed I suppose.
They might look at you weirdly if they've never encountered it before, but the post office in Hawaii does it so often they had a special bin for them so they wouldn't dent other packages.
But if someone dies in the wilderness is luring because wilderness is dead content
Everyone knows that didn't really happen!
If this game didn't have all the "hey want to buy X" "ok my ho" "t4t" interactions it would obviously be a garbage game.
They have a very sofisticated algorithm you wouldn't understand
shocking!
HL3 Teaser image released, steam network crashes due to massive load.
Um, 1080p =/= GTX 1080!
But I just bought the game from target yesterday, how am I supposed to get the whole year 2 moments of triumph if hey don't change the nightfall for me and my specific situation.
Wow, i didn't know, that the GTX 1080 is 30 year old already.
Callin KG weak?
Trade this worthless piece of shit
remember polls lie unless they agree with the message
Episode 7 title confirmed to be "Air Canada"
Well that's just islamaphobic!
Your logic is not welcome here.
Oh great, I was hoping for more Norman-Beckham news.
Get browns nub
Didn't you hear a 1080 can only play videos at 1080 if you add the p at the end then you have to have a Titan X Pascal
Yes... A shame you didn't stop playing The Division sooner like the rest of us.
Well, if you hate fixing your stuff, I wouldn't recommend going to the center.
Same here, though when things get a bit rough hands are going to be in the drops.
But we're not their workers we're independent contractors
I am shocked
But where is the doctor's statement that if she is elected she will, "...unequivocally be the healthiest individual ever elected to the presidency"?
I agree - I don't think anyone will notice or mind if you quietly ignore the talk and just teach from the NT.
Ductape is pretty useful
Straight up Zamtrios up in here.
I hear you on that lack of original content: I wish they'd actually bothered to replace every familar weapon and armour from the series with a different model and description instead of just taking the lazy route of producing 60+ hours of new environments, enemies and bosses...
Guys, the bone is at bus route B, c'mon why would you believe OP?
yeah, it's almost like it has been consistently updating a little tiny bit at set intervals throughout the day... every day for awhile now.
Driver is gonna get out and kill skater kid for giving driver a heart attack
Fucking gender swapping pandering ruining comics.
Treehouse Brewery?
yes very much so
I remember the good old days when when everyone had to earn for themselves and unemployment was up 20%
This was NOT part of the marketing scheme at all!
9
lmao what an educated statement
Worked very well with people that are sympathetic to Daeshbags
No problem, just make sure you don't watch any American channels and you're fine
You dropped your
Make Philippines Great Again!
i trade you my 4x hdbits + 1/2 waffles accounts for it, deal?
GF guys
Should have studied STEM
Ikr?
I bet they are ~~trembling~~ vibrating in fear of this lawsuit
Can't tell if
Seeing as this has been reported by the media, I doubt any of it's true.
Ah, that would have been totally OK then.
Or spell :(
trial and error
Don't you know that Suicide Squad had to hit $2 billion just to break even?
got 10/10
As in Magik Limbo or the other one
view bots obviously.
Good one
Oh well he brags about fucking black dudes, guess he can't be a racist.
just what I always wanted!
Offer a ladies night.
Megatron and Beastmode
What an interesting and thoughtful article.
Its okay, I'm sure aluminum foil has NEVER done anything so stupid like getting out of a party bus at the wrong time.
brb making @klitchell so he can't...
Centaurs?
Thanks for the information
We're just screwing around
where do you think the other 2.9 million is going.
Yeah, don't try to keep Trump out of office!
Yes fuck cultural Marxist, but a Romani Composer is alright because he seems white
Like 5
Can confirm, I'd pipe Ace down
You dropped this:
I hope the final boss is a bullet sponge you have to primary to death for over an hour.
I can play witcher 3 at ultra 60fps..... but cannot do it on modded MC........ Time to get that Titan XP...
We should start a gofundme to have a though-guy ruff the guy up a bit.
And don't even get me started on people who wear jeans but have never herded cattle.
Well you are missing your chance to actually watch this one in person
You forgot the
Well you are kind of driving on the other side of the road.
Nice face.
The past really was better than today
Nah, bro, America's best idea is the 2nd Amendment!
Poor people are morons for not being rich.
Oh good thing I have Wilson, Gurley, and Freeman, along with Fleener for good measure.
Fire/Fighting Jackrabbit
its ok for al sisi to do it , asll is fine as long he's not an islamist
SHOCKING.
Yes it is, use this at the end of your comment in the future to indicate sarcasm:
Curses, my identity has been revealed!
Too confusing for new players.
Yes, unless one is a priest and the other is a child.
Did you win?
SHAME.. So sad that this man came outta my state.
But what about trump!
Hey you could give me your 1080 and then you can use the 1080 ti if you want :)
Man, I'm so glad I work heavies
I think you mean it's a sinners paradise where our youth are corrupted by the wicked energy-demons!
Wisp was found to be an easter egg to get takeos katana
Yes, Conan telling the fat chick that he would rather fuck her coworkers would go over really well.
It's downvoted because people disagree with it, which is the *correct* use of it.
Well the radio waves have to carry the sound waves, which of course slows them down.
oh what were you making fun of a different kind of trigger sorry for so totally misreading the situation
Guess it was the wrong kind of rain
Why so friendly?
My name is Gary and I always catch my Pokemon!
Me and my 65% win rate agree: he needs buffs.
Hahah we created a dog so malformed it cant even jump, so adorable
He wouldn't be a hero, then, so he wouldn't matter
Oh I KNOW how death comes with ogmur, "oh shit, I didn't stun"
link plz?
That one which makes it look like night was so bad.
Borgheseeeeee!
So you're saying their marriage is not recognized by the government.
Im sure that Wenger didn't want Kante and won't tell the press in a few months time he tried to sign him and everyone else that plays well.
Yes, but people would be less likely to instantly end a conversation if I use the word FARTS
Yay, more new people to shoot me at the start because I picked the only operator they have unlocked :)
Yeah, dude just got shaken up
Yeah, that will gain us some legitimacy with the mainstream of America!
You might strike out the shepherd, but us sheep, we won't never get struck out... or scattered.
Oh, thanks...
That's why a striker has never beaten a grappler in the UFC
He's under it
But it has the Xbox logo on it so it's just a big Xbox
Hey it's me your fish.
You forgot the
Yeah, telling your husband he's pathetic seems like the best solution to this problem.
Oh wow I'm so convinced that they are a good team now after that game
Dang those hippos don't care that they have dirty water in their mouths?
They're having the 7 course Alabama meal: an opossum and a six pack!
Probably because it's run by Pennsylvanians
How dare you have an opinion
To think, I could have been dating some of the fine, upstanding ladies of Brockville...
Sure glad we don't have Splinter Twin making all these awesome U based control decks unplayable!
And my heart is broken...
These were examples and were not meant to be exhaustive... Let me go through all my orders and give a complete run-down of shipping times and cash saved
been *have*
Did it work?
With no cost or repercussions to any other actor in the economy.
Enjoy your Xbox exclusive lag.
This is what happens when you let the gays in the military!
No, no you must sit down at the table as a family with no devices or television and talk about your day with each other while eating the same thing and if you don't do this you're a heathen bastard who spits on family values and is incapable of true love.
That's not overkill
Golf R to me doesn't really say luxury but I'd take a look at the Lexus IS350 F Sport AWD as well.
I think it was the polygonal nature of the nose tip that gave it away
He must be either a white supremacist, a bigot, or Russian hacker Putin lover to make these sort of wild conspiracy allegations
Must be the injection wells.
Aw no game play
Forgot that
You can (not) derpy derp derpety derp derp derp...
Forgot the
And Stein was so close!
Shut up, straighty
I see that you are not very familiar with male privilege, we have some shock therapy rooms at BYU where we could help you come to a better understanding.
Only called sex-crazed cause he is male
I mean, his dad does work for reddit.
You forgot
Solid
Same goes for competing
I would be if he didn't add Willy
Alt+F4 on any champion
No, you should keep rerolling until you get 11 BSB
Fairness, unless people get five legendarys from a bug, then we just sweep it under a rug and don't talk about it.
Land Security
Come on...what's wrong with kled welcoming kids to the site.
Not everyone uses macros...
b-but how could he survive what didn't happen?
Yes there literally cannot be any other reason.
just like the non-profit hospitals charge patients less!
It'll be faster for you too, since the cable is like a slide for the data your speeds will be way faster than what he will ever get!
She was Timmy Turnah's mom
How is that even relevant to what I said.
Hyundai typically offers very attractive financing.
damn, how'd you get away with having a wad of chew in your cheek?
I am being literally attacked by...get this...literally Leafy his literal self.
I cant wait for the new zeus sounds
Because innocent people never get executed
Ah 1933, just like the good old times ...
Time to play Ancient Shade in discard lock.
Maybe the ABS made their system shit deliberately for an increase in fines...
Well some god has to provide team utility...
It's okay boys, we get Chromas instead
No wonder Jenelle gets along with him, they both have such pleasant dispositions!
Wow way to bring up the fact that I don't have a mom, dick
You sound like a true alpha who defintely doesn't question his masculinity.
What does "marionette style AI" that mean exactly?
Would be cool just so I can sit outside WG still being useless and get paid for it Fuck yeah
Yeah let's continue with the personal responsibility libertarianism, which has been a great success for everyone so far.
Until the husband finds out.
How dare she do something different than what you want!
This
Hey, now, stop spreading rumors about her!
Oh, that looks super cute.
Welp, same problem here....
We have to get rid of cables already
The technology isn't there yet
Can't see why you're complaining OP, you got all the must have Xbone exclusives
Yeah, Hemet is gonna be OP as fuck one day in Wild.
Well they seem nothing like a hate movement, all masked and threatening.
H2k CEO said it, but idk if riot will act on it
Yeah but he rigged those!
Wow, you must be really shallow.
you have to play such weak setup for yogg it's fine for him to just win games!
suspicious cropping?
that is cultural appropriation of jugglos, your daughter is a horrible person
That's what happens when you try to destroy the patriarchy.
I know, right?
Says the person who just stayed indoors most of her life for no reason.
But muh reverse up b
It wasn't actually ISIS, so what difference does it make?
Blade flurry would be way too strong with Deadly fork around!
People were shorter back then.
sweeper
Symbiote counters mind control, so fking op BabyRage
It's probably because of lower ranks but he had the most damage and tanked a lot and never died so he is to op!
I'm seeing 114
LMAO
Missing the
Bullshit you're 8% bf but alright lmao
I have to read a lot of the bible for school, and goddamn it's horrible to them
Which will surprisingly come out in Early Access
This seems like it could be really neat in allowing for a "DLC" that is its own unique game - basically creating a fangame that can be played through the actual game.
They are Democrats so they must be liberal!
Just like the $5 million dollar donation Shillary gave to people like you for CTR?
I'm sorry, how so?
FYI, you can't have more than one package at a time
So was Henry really
But they were supposed to go 16-0
My mom is something special.
I like how Steven's hair is like a curlier version of Greg's.
Chrawnus presents *"That was sick"* a Reddit comment
Careful, might get banned
Orgasms are/will be awesome!
I pulled an Ovi in '15 and that was my only pack pull over 88 until now.
Paint it blue
But they work soooo much harder than the rest of us!
Way to move the goalpost.
You sure about that?
Facebook humbly suggests you adhere to their deciding whether or not you should let yourself be known to everyone you're friends with on Facebook.
this is so obviously hate speech you adolf hitler loving fuck
But MMP got Hitler into power.
Hospitals should hire more stoned surgeons.
They tweeted meme accounts telling them their memes are shit
How dare Jimmy Fallon humanize a racist like that.
It's called a turnover.
So superior, look at all that efficient African and Middle Eastern infrastructure and utopian society
How dare you mansplain that to me
Don't forget Pinsir
No I'm trying to be friends with you so we can build an empire of peace together that way we can cure cancer and bring back jimmy neutron
You're obviously not praying or reading your scriptures.
Sounds like a jewish conspiracy to malign "peaceful" muslims!
That's only a week so what
It's a huge mismatch imo.
bruh ur alts better than my main :c
Wow, so preseason games do matter
But where can I find them?
Lemme go buy an xbone really quick
camrs firing sound makes me horny, 417 runs out of ammo faster than i do in bed, and no one plays blackbeard so his dmr doesn't count
An obvious statement on how women must ignore their biological clocks to advance in a male dominated career field.
I heard they found the undetonated one in monogrammed jansport
Well you're not really a jew, but you are Jew-ish.
Alex Jones interviewee incites violence against Hillary!
That Harvick guy really needs to stop trying to cheat in the chase
If ONLY Gamefreak had thought ahead and had an icon that showed that the Pokemon was obtained in Gen VI......
But that only counts when Trump does it!
Oh yeah because kbd is totally the reason people buy membership
Yeah they got rekt 2-3 ggez
Yeah, he's so dumb he didn't even know 4chan was a hacker!
That's racist
Shocking!
Have the same problem....
No, that's dumb everyone knows that old isn't good and new is always gooder just like the iPhone 7 and it's no headphone jack.
Cheating scum
Yeah BernieBros, this is your fault!
Nah any silver could do that you must be bronze
That's when you use the
they wanted to have more children maybe?
By craft I assume he started with a chest that was already 6l.
You dropped this
I'm also not ready to lose all my megas!
Wow that guy was such an asshole in Forza horizon
Yeah, people used those
Its ok after they finish dlc theyll turn it over to a better dev (dice LA) and theyll fix it.
But..But you're here now...
Turbos bro, it's basically the same engine
It really is a documentary on corporate life.
Na, you can buy the cheap Chinese models for a fraction the cost...
Penalties are for scrubs.
Yes.
But it's not the 2nd Amendment tho
It's only where he sits when hes not playing.. Kerwins got the right of way obviously.
Yep, mind boggling rationale.
I heard that if you stare at a 4k screen long enough your eyes will be upgraded to 4k with massive FPS drops.
Yeah dude c9 has been awful at their last lands
Yeah, why didn't they position themselves more forward and have the skydivers land on them!
On your forehead, where else?
If it's true, Reince probably pushed him over the edge by threatening his 2020 run
2004 eagles with Wentz win that game 10 out of 10 times
Should've been a styrofoam cup instead
Why would anyone consider the bests interest of the children?
ok im online
I can't wait for KROQ to finally start playing their songs again to celebrate this new tour.
Well, you're posting in a libertarian subreddit, so clearly you *didn't* turn out fine!
10-4 good buddy
I think you dropped the
Now I expect to see GI as a force ghost in the next Special Edition of ROTJ
Are we sure they weren't filming transformers in the area and one got loose?
California would like you to check your water privilege
And they are the "bad guys" for fleeing to Europe.
why cant we just get the shieva I want another 500 points off
Where is it?
This is why Clinton will need to arm the Moderate Rebels (TM) to over throw inconvenient countries!
Everyone knows that Cobb is the best RB on the team!
Wasnt him, it was destructoid.
Yeah for real I couldnt care less, im half expecting it to get to 100% and then just restart.
Sick burn bro.
Lemet?
Man im on the plane back from Japan right now.... I dont even wanna think about it :(
He got bought out by decisiondeskhq.
Well it wasn't Roxas's, since he didn't have one.
Lets make America great again!
Ha ha I totally forgot about the phoenix :D
But Elise is "technically" an adult.
Right!
Low quality aimbot
Sure... Just heard of them.... For safety
Get the fuck outta here with your logic
But then he would only cast 1 spell everygame
Gotta work hard to get that karma paycheck
But how is that supposed to leave me feeling victimized?
If only we find the right words, THEN we can violate the Constitution all we want
Well once everyone's opinions became equal what'd you think would happen?
why need an SD card when you can subscribe to google drive!
Thankfully our generation has so many people to explain our beliefs and mental shortcomings to us
How does it feel to be gay now forever?
Shedinja can learn Final Gambit.
Izquierda es cualquier gobierno que no me gusta, simple.
Stop mansplaining.
can confirm.
Well, God is love so why not?
Because welding is so manly, it needs manly/American logos to go with it!
Can't wait for it to drop to below 30 here so I can finally get a damn parking spot.
Like leffens needs a passport anyways : P
I'm so sorry, I hope you get help soon :(
Yeah but the best GL is Guy Gardner
nope even Bus Depot is better
should've waited until next year, you can get maybe 1-2 fps more
I suggest you actually play the hero to see how this idea works in practice, because with Zarya's current numbers the reality does not match your theory at all.
You forgot the
HIV positive or sumthin.
It would just be a lot of smoke.....but no fire.
When not wearing underwear/panties, be damn careful with your zipper....
How did the police not notice that a warehouse had suddenly transformed into a giant pot plant?
Oh you mean 40 s&amp;w?
If the Colts-Broncos was primetime, we would have won.
Morrowind is casual console trash, not a real RPG like Daggerfall.
So not out 6 months?
TV
Nah, thats Ashton Youboty the hall of fame corner out of THE Ohio State University.
It's a Japanese name is there a difference?
His logic is infallible, idiot
"Your original statement was completely inaccurate when pertaining to fort gordon."
I love how he's openly anti-gay marriage and one of the faces of ultimate in the South!
did you just aSSUME HIS COUNTRY
I think you dropped this:
I'm sure all the clocks are just delayed at the post office
Probably because thooorin is there
Those kids should stop being poor and quit mooching off of the system if they want a real lunch
I'm sure everything would be fine with the Fed's running it.
I've used it for more than a decade, and there are WebDAV mounts built into Owncloud and Pydio suggested elsewhere in this thread.
Apple should do the same with iphones
They do if you pronounce 'jesus' like the mexicans do!
replace all the democrat vs republican arguments with canon vs nikon and you've essentially got the same subreddit
Bothered by it constantly...
In Scotland Englishmen are the targets, as Pole you are safe
wish I could be as l33t as these guys when Im 12 and use my parents money to DDOS
You can use Inspect Element on Summoners War?
Supportourboysinblue
well that design is going to age well
american football is rugby
He wants to make sure the church has a monopoly on pointless activity that takes up all your time.
You dropped this:
First Australia in Eurovision and now this
This man is a true hero and I don't see how anyone could think otherwise.
Aka play Hattori.
because it comes from things most people do every day.
You'd need a third party camera app to do that (go Google) - not possible with the stock Camera app.
you dropped the
He should've listened to police and stop acting so thuggish
Playing at CodXP that floating effect actually got me killed a shit load of times because running around I'd turn a corner and see a body start to float up and naturally I'd start unloading a clip into it only to get killed by an actual person.
I'm sure your three viewers will miss you
If you really want to get it out there, you need to spread it on Twitter &amp; Facebook and get it trending
It's that damn John Deere lobby!
I too think that arming radical religious rebels is a good foreign policy decision.
Cues Foo Fighters
Anyone but Corbyn though.
Bro if you aren't tre flipping at 10 stair then what are you even doing with a skateboard
Need to think about it, can you add ?
It took a lot of therapy for that one black girl to be comfortable with water.
Do what I do-- assume everything you post is genius, and consider every downvote the pained cry of an illiterate soul reaching out for help understanding your wisdom.
But they need 100 round magazines and armored vehicles so that we can prepare for the inevitable terrorist invasion (has nothing to do with rise of fascism...)
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Apparently your opinion is wrong... I love the Funhaus community.
Lol, damn autocorrect.
Clearly internment camps and gas chambers for messicans
Surprise this is not on PPV
por los comentarios veo que en colombia se usa diferente y tal vez el que subtitula era de mexico
Use 10% of your own country as a defence line.
Just the kind of thinking we need to improve the economy and opportunities in Northern Ireland!
b-b-but it killed me so it's OP
Let's be real, is there any other kind of suspicious person?
To be fair you gotta get that "Labor Power"
Isn't Nestle a family company?
Sigh, time to get out the Christmas lights...
Having to repair a phone might be just the lesson they need to stop recording vertically.
And to think the scrub couldn't make it in San Fran
But all the slanty eye people are same-same!
yes, but just think if you get to be one of those in power
No, we will skip this year.
WE DID IT REDDIT
yeah it's the same with your WiFi...that shit still needs two wires, what a fucking ripoff!
No, a lawyer!
Because I think it's better to suffer around others than be happy but alone
You're*
Manchester United and it will consist of Wayne Rooney
Think you forgot the
But he built great structures and put his name on a bunch of buildings!
I see matchmaking has finally been fixed!
Yes, the Clinton Foundation definitely does that
Pfft, we all know the police use stop and frisk fairly and evenly among every group.
No, the only pollster that knows what it's doing is the LA Times!
Yes because Gary Johnson and Jill Stein have really proved themselves as competent candidates
You know you can ask multiple questions in the same thread instead of creating multiple ones one after another, right?
Wow, did you play heavy?
North Korean cave drawings
But what has $hillary done to EARN my vote!
But remember, it's not racism, because racism only applies to systems of power!
Listen if your going to bring facts and logic into this then I might as well not bother.....
But it may help keep ahole scammers from attempting returns.
Definitely the point he was trying to make
Creo que si.
More like Gran, amirite?
And I'm _sure_ that they all intend to abide by this agreement and not flout it so as to gain an advantage over those who don't.
Yes, it's totally achievable for the vast majority, even though most Anericans don't even make 30k/yr.
Yeah but see, you understand Polynesian and Hawaiian culture, so you're obviously self-censoring and white washed if you don't find this offensive
You have fallout shelter
This reminds me of that Ford ad!
so you upgraded your pokedex to gen 2 or what?
"if flask macros are bannable, so should logout macros!"
Not until he learns to ask like a normal person.
Literally unplayable
Gluten clearly comes from the gluteus maximus, or butt, of an animal.
thank you - i didn't read far enough through it
Old Pompeyo LH deck Lava hound Princess Elixir collector Inferno tower (I use cannon instead) Minions Goblins Zap Mini pekka I'm in the 3900 trophy range using this deck with 11/8/-/1.5
That's a real puzzler there
Is that a Nintendo gameboy?
So Trotskyists under their nails?
Ya she needs a real attorney!
How dare people try to take their own photographs to remember her special day.
Oh please tell us about how the majority of America's music interests are wrong and how none of the music you listen to conforms to this same chord structure
I usually like imgur but it's becoming more and more immature and toxic as of late.
He also invented hip hop itself
Of course he educates himself-- he watches The Daily Show, duh!
But its cheesy and a parody of fascist nazi Germany
EVEN IF OSU BEATS US WE WILL STILL HAVE A BETTER RECORD THAN OU
Too impress all the kids at school duh
after all she's beating a girl... and her violence can be blamed on her patriarchal education..
Mines at 45% and I solo tier 7 10 times out of 11
Cause Murray is starting every game
Would it be soon to ask "how's it feel losing 3 straight?"
BUT BREITBART IS THE MOST UNBIASED NEWS SOURCE OUT THERE ALL THE OTHERS ARE CONTROLLED BY THE LIBTARDS AND ARE ALL IN FAVOR OF HILLARY OBVIOUSLY YOU ARE LIBRUHL TOO BECAUSE THATS JUST OBJECTIVE FACT
Serves you right for not being a CI pathfinder you anti-meta scrub.
"Any customer can have a car painted any color that he wants so long as it is black."
Well, if you don't tell her you can't have kids.. you must have raped her...because she would never consent to having sex if children weren't the result...
Obviously it should happen in a PALACE surrounded by ROYALTY, but should also only cost you $9.99
You remind me of her when you are off on this sub talking time-travel with people.
I have the hunch that pointing out that Crestfall is unlikely to be behind the DDoS was not really the intend of your first post...
Eh, it's no Carrier Dome.
Not as accurate as a banana though
Sexists
Take your own advice and don't post this shit on reddit.
Clearly just a correct the record shill
But how am I supposed to show off my Howl if I have to use the M4A1-S?
I always take my Dr prescriptions to my bishop for approval, don't you?
Oh I'm sure the problem isn't all the billionaires that don't pay their share of taxes
I would say maybe 7 or 8
But we can't be 100% sure they're safe!
Which makes it even worse for us to be getting all bent out of shape over.
Cute rebuttal, you've convinced me that Hillary never lies
So you're saying Tom Brady is a system quarterback?
I own like 3 and I rolled one more today :D
Surprise TY Wildcat Offense
It would help if she had eyes
Yea how dare she not monitor and correct chromosomal incompatibilities
Hindi is national language bhai
How can you breathe with your nose that high in the air?
And there's absolutely nothing suspicious about him confessing that he was impersonating his brother in that murder shortly after he lost the appeal of his 99 year sentence for another murder.
And on the third week, he rose again...
Finally, Gundam is breaking into the young male audience!
caricatures*
Don't be stupid, there are no girls on the Internet.
If you had some redbullTM you would have the energy to argue for hours!
Thankfully no huge arteries are present in the legs!
I sincerely apologize for any butthurt my relationship status may have caused
LOL
No custom games, no appreciation
Argh, CBC make up our own minds
Obviously, OP needed to circle the entire thing in red, otherwise how would we know what's going on?
you forgot your
Standard when conducting a security review.
Man, I'd hate to have an invasion of privacy like bronchitis.
Yeah it's so utterly fucking retarded that his system is what got them the 2 stars in the end.
Nah man, I'd rather do something that makes me feel fuzzy than something that actually matters!
After two months?
Jize is important in a lot of ALB/Dios teams
I think you forgot the
Welp, things are gonna get pretty National Geographic when one of you grows a dick!
Clearly she didn't indent to delete 37% of her government emails
He's lost his zazz since he no longer spends all day shit posting and playing drums.
Those poor Patriots just can't catch a break, it just breaks my heart.
Any non stock weapon
shhh, all white people are rich, haven't you heard?
There's no such things as shades of grey either.
That's new
I think it's supposed to be a reminder, so you don't try to drive of without removing the lock
These millenials and their instant gratification...
But they don't.
What are you talking about Reddit is the greatest
Why choose your ex when there's 95% of the population of Earth to choose from?
Duck duck cocaine
ASTERISK
That pic is so blurry it actually made me dizzy for a second.
The bad netcode, obviously
Not anymore...
He comes to my starbucks every so often after or before working out down the street.
It would make them slightly biased, but as long as they're aware of it themselves, they could still be impartial.
Just wait until your hormones kick in and you'll want to have a brood of your own.
but it has better noise and less power consumption and it has more* fps in metro LL
You don't understand the plight of his people.
"Showers will be provided."
No, you need a major in abortion, which you can only pass if you support it
Even if they do, I wont say they are the better team every time they lose, because that is nonsense.
Given they only teach you how to program in a CS course and nothing else, I'd say it's not worth it.
Typical Murdock stealing all the kills
Pretty sure I meant real characters only
Uh..... Well pikachu's yellow so I'm gonna go with pikachu, right?
My parents were killed by pickles, don't even joke about that okay asshole.
These stunts will ruin electric bicycles in the eyes of society and law.
Did you update your Nvidia driver
nice edit
They should just take the puck away so that way everyone wins!
Facts disclosed by Russians aren't facts and thus must be fully and completely ignored.
theo whatever you are on keep taking it
Cuz OP is so fat a coat for him is a tent for us
What's so fucked up about loli Lovecraft?
Unless he was gonna take a crustacean to see iron man 3, I don't wanna hear about it.
Whatever, you're just jealous you don't have that candy.
No it's not you gay faggot!
Yeah, failed suicide attempts are super funny and we should make light of them...
Yeah because before monotheism everyone just got along
That's funnier the second time I read I think.
^^^^
whatever losers, I got a stag so I'm basically Harry Potter and that makes me the best
E
The day Google built up hype for the biggest let down ever
All while poisoning yourself, too
I was there and it looked just as bad in person
enjoy your cancer
I don't get it why would the Warriors make fun of themselves in their own logo?
Not sure why the condescending attitude, but bless your heart for trying.
Yeah I think she knew what she was getting into but the way she remarked it on her stream made it sound so bad with her dad "so awkward" every second.
He deserves the death penalty
dont dare you questioning my importance, otherwise i'm gonna show you my mensa membership and IQ
Dont you see them enough already in every opponent you face?
You sir doubt the power of the master race 9 monitor setups are standard nowdays
Jokes on you that IS his camera
No it mean when a bunch of gay people have a big riot
Yeah, the ford fusion is a really good looking car
so edgy
14ms sounds like the ultimate gaming monitor
So, obviously, the people who produce official content (PAX coverage, CSL, Community Cup) don't have the insight like you have.
motives are unclear...don't be Islamophobic.
Forza Horizon 3
She can dots and remove buff on raid bosses.
Nah, I can't image Google ever pulling anything like that.
Damnit where is swearbot when you need him, my kids read these posts!
Sprog you bastard, this is a chance for other people to rhyme!
figured there might be some interest here in watching how c9 plays a bit
A good protest is one that everyone can just ignore and changes nothing.
But Islam isn't a race
I mean, how else are they going to know you are there ready to spot them?
He's been practising that since he was a Chelsea fan
The cost of chemo for recovery after playing brawl isn't worth the 10 dollar prize.
4x = 1440 +0.5x = 1620
Gotta maintain that white supremacy by weeding out those who are actually good people.
Not far from the truth
Oh, so who knows what life has sprouted in the universe from all those dead cosmonauts
wen eta jailbrek
wen eta
Don't bring your facts in here, jerk!
Saturday?
The 100 meter and 200 meter dashes are races
Leave us alone, what did we ever do to you lot?
Lmao yeah, everything bad about trump is completely made up and unreal, trump is a completely balanced guy and his morals are in check.
yes that's why i as a silver one have invested in an esea subscription, as how else am i meant to improve ?
Excellent way to build for the future
They must start drinking young over there.
why is he streaming with wallhacks on?
Sounds like a CTR shill to me
Yeah he might even have a shot at Texas!
I like to think of it as it takes aload off the viewer for once.
Yeah, and USB will *NEVER* take off!
He was trying to help those farmers find the gold buried in their land out of the goodness of his heart.
The 0HP gym bug bug; it's all in the title, try to keep up
Isn't lane splitting legal in California?
Obviously the very existence of marriage equality undermines traditional families, can't you see that?
I probably have a few of these or a ton of coins, DM me on Twitter if you'd like @Loganoir because I'm a lot more active there and I'll send you pictures of what's in my club!
*Smacker* miles.
Well maybe we should stop using our privilege to oppress those poor girls and their rights.
Oh man and while we are at it we can make it so when the boss dies you can hand pick the piece of gear you want!
The program was cancelled years ago, it never went into production.
sign me up!
Have you had a girlfriend?
but i can run mobile games, how is this something that even comes up
Rookies aren't safe around that exceptional niner squad
Is this in some way related to the band "BabyMetal"?
Well, where would we get our morals from without religion?
Sometimes they date a tight end.
Not enough neon colours
thats why you play r6s
Well they know EVERYTHING, so obviously you should too!
Because they can't survive in today's economy, without that 2nd income?
Sheeeeeit, I love Last Action Hero
No no, I was told by SJW's that culture needs to be preserved and white people destroy everything they touch and obviously they know more about your culture than you do
Is that a new color scheme?
what I like most about trump is his overweening sense of humility and modesty.
Undocumented voters
kill all bad tv shows tbh
Omg so funny
Please, Captain Picard or Sisko would be a better pick for leader of the free world.
After watching this video I now think it's perfectly OK that police kill people who are unarmed
Awesome!
"Why do pats fans always have to make every thread about them????"
For all the hype this dude is getting, he damn well better be the next Hakeem
Probably their wives didn't follow their reasonable demands for compliance.
Worked well for Germany and Russia.
Does evolution even apply to molecular biology?
I believe what you meant to say is that the system is rigged against young people and that their relatively poor situation has nothing to do with work ethic.
I knew surviving four years of "Revenge" would pay off one day...
According to your computer this doesn't happen for another 543 years, so I'm calling bs.
All those girls into pegging never give us nice guys a chance
yeah, women voters love that stuff!
No didn't you hear his career is over and he's lazy and he doesn't care about football anymore and he has a hip parasite
So everyone will hurry the fuck up already
Of course he does...because jesus.
Making America Great Again is fucking problematic.
Yea was just making a joke should have added the
No TNA ideas because not like they come up with any good ones, or you know, not like they have the current hottest angle in wrestling.
omg, someone said something similar to someone else in the last 30 years.
Wait, there is some place *besides* shadows?
Obviously the subpar announce crew's fault.
Donald Trump's fact checker
33 points in preseason though...
Or is it a fuck yourself.
Well, she didnt collapse so I guess this evening was a success for Camp Clinton.
acute lead poisoning?
You mean Rhino, not sure who Fernando is.
You are a theme making God
And it prohibits you from using proper sentence structure.
Hoffe, er potenziert das HK vorher mit Wasser, denn nur dann ist seine Heilwirkung garantiert.
Same with Chicago
Not for the rapists
Surprising how she was involved in a team being banned due to 'player not feeling safe' or whatever uh.
Yes let's cure the drug habit with drugs...
Especially given the men who oppressed them are still alive and at the time knew they were oppressing the women as opposed to being products of their time and brought up in such a way.
No, the internet is also like cookies in that if you don't use what you buy before a certain point it expires and you must buy more!
Maar de reizigers kunnen gewoon met zn 20en in het gangpad staan voor dezelfde prijs als een zitplek, dat kun je je personeel toch niet aandoen.
What I don't understand is why Eris' team didn't wipe and reset.
Achto defender ice barrage teams are fun to come up against
Maybe it was that women are bad at math and thus are not in STEM fields for a reason?
Yeah I guess the overt sexism and Jim Crow would be manageable if all of the WASP guys get to wear cool suits and drive unsafe hunks of metal
Yeah she totally rambles.
I'm not sure where you're getting that.
Omfg I can't feel the mouse cord anymore, my fucking aim is ruined.
Jack Black couldn't control his shit.
But Gary Johnson is more bat shit crazy than both Trump and Clinton combined.
Cause fuck you im 15 mph over the speed limit, get off my ass.
Forgot the
Said every candidate ever.
If only they had some kind of control over how much debt they incurred.
Pics or GTFO
That's so racist!
My stickers
Yea but he's black so obviously he's fast
Your team won because the enemy team never expected them to go beach
But it was so sweet!
The best reason to care about consent is just because you don't want to get in trouble!
Just go offline and Noone will join Excellent idea!
It's amazing that people who are not in game development are unaware of game development.
No Shitlord it's clearly a way for the alpha-males of /b/ to assert their masculine dominance over women...
...they aren't getting mad you are doing better than them, they are mad you are a little punk bitch who is too scared to play at his own level so he goes to the elementary school playground to play pickup games with 11 year olds and shit talks them after winning.
Drugs, ammunition, and water.
Frankie Cooks is the greatest show ever!
Because it's impossible to be extremely immoral while still following morality-agnostic law like ours
Obligatory Trumpism "He should've stopped and frisked him first; that would have been law and order."
Well that and professional sports.
Well, no shit Sherlock..
Oh right I forgot that somehow nullifies RNG silly me.
it was
Try to make it Cooks if you do
Tried this, says "no results found" when I select Playstation Vue after it searches
nah dude OP is tryin to get followers
Nice try bot.
I think Marcel Reece for Demetrius Cherry was basically getting our value back here.
daddy
Yeah, Dos Anjos is chump.
Neither, because the female orgasm is a myth so why bother masturbating?
The Matteau effect
Ennui
I need my safe space man
That's because Christianity is under assault in America: Christians are being discriminated against and repressed.
Whoa Noah has UBB now.
I think you mean climate change
Imagine playing with the tiny detachable parts...
Let's get that tank out of storage
You can't say that shit here man, this is their subreddit too
But then they drug test.
That's why your job is to heal them through their stupidity, duh!
Meep
Still a better deal than the current US Presidential candidates...
Of course, the sun has changed a lot since then....
Nu exista coruptie in Comunism.
Omg my teammate was doing this is ct spawn too, it's so Ez to cheat is this game omg why hasn't valve banned him
Sorry I forgot the
Who gives a fuck about canon, amirite?
I need to see Key do all of the girl group dances from the past 3 years!
That is about the most Racist comment I have ever heard.
Typical of these rantbabies - screaming about something they have no fucking clue about, because all the kewl kids are doing it or because he hopes it'll convince a rainbow-haired she-twink to let him cum in her (Airport's Law)
Istambul was Comstamtimople
Qualcuno chiami Marino
oh yeah, a company should *never* need to protect its intellectual property.
Yeah, I thought we would never see these two legends of comedy together again.
That's less than we gave Iran, good to see Obama has his priorities straight
Two questions: (1) Who is Leomund; and (2) Does he mind her "going" in his "Tiny Hut"?
Since you're white, all you had to do was just walk up to any white CEO and land a fancy job
It seems that Empress Palpatine will defeat Jar Jar Trump in the upcoming elections
Yes, godforbid you accidentally stray out of your tailor made echo chamber and are confronted with differing opinions.
Not in a best of 5 homie
ISLAMOPHOBIA
Last warning lotech, DONT PUSH IT.
Don't you mean a more big hole?
So they ARE coming to console?
Are you suggesting criminals would break the law?
Ah but the worlds stage is totally different to other big international events
I smell a new archetype in the making
It's a free karma post... can't downvote it or you're racist
Pulitzers are rigged.
That's awesome, now I wish I'd bothered to get closer.
Unless you don't use Old Spice....
It wasn't that tight of a spiral... calm down!
But it works in Safari :)
That makes him smart!
Yes, Indians are all corrupt and cannot be trusted to responsibly manage their money.
It's only been registered since May ... give them some time to fix it
What are you talking about Lester is a republican
Because anarcho capitalism is of course an actual anarchist philosophy
I love living in a civilized, first-world country where people are free to threaten to kill newspaper publishers/editors!
Yeah, but he didn't shoot Vince Foster in the face so I'm still with Trump.
"But humans are the only animal to drink *other* animals' milk!!"
But this as always happened, just leave it alone.
So like their supposed features; their lawsuits filed against them, are also mysteriously lost?
NO, THIS IS PATRICK.
It's actually pure sin
Brave comment
Yeah nobody ever talks about jihadists in the western press
Say that to my OP thorns modifier of never-death :^]
bloody imports
Great support from the owner
Daemon by Daniel Suarez, and its sequel, Freedom.
I agree, Super 8 was a terrible film.
I do not see how getting into the park early to beat crowds will be abused.
a sequel nobody asked for...hurrah
B-but she's a women...
You're right, maybe I dropped my wallet
THE ONLY THING APHRO IS GOING TO BE KILLING IS HIMSELF
You Yanks don't understand football future, mate.
but that's work
yes thats what it was
Flair checks out.
360 squat is advanced...k
But it's totally fine to leave them alone with an adult to be questioned about their sexual habits
All for Republican candidates, I'm sure.
oh cool so I only gotta rank them up another 25 times
How does Jfactory compare to Edith
If I wanted to tell THAT story, I would've
Hey so uh I think you might've left some onions behind?
Ancient, man.
Truly it will go down as one of the greatest mysteries as to why Karim Benzema was left out of the French squad in Euro 2016.
Yeah I'm sure trump is down
Try [Keener Jerseys](http://wwww.keenerjerseys.com), they're in Winnipeg
Trains were never great
Will he claim to had fear for is safety?
Oh, those poor victims.
Lol you libs with your facts and science and logic....
Why is viper and melee bad for stacking poison, specifically?
About the same, except America will be great again.
Opening Treasure Chests seem like a more straightforward version of hoping to convert random rares into tix
Wait why didn't we fair catch that at the 5
She's Alaska she can wear whatever, and people will ggag...
Facebook
She should have recoil and a slow reload mechanic
Being a man is so hard these days.
Trump has the best people, the best supporters, simply the best.
Not sure if
Because "ALL Muslims are out to convert people" is certainly a strong and well-reasoned argument.
And then get struck by lightning
Yeah everybody knows you can't make a list of all the rationals, that's why they're uncountable.
What's Linux, all I know is Windows, Microsoft, etc
My phone has access to flying libraries.
The the microphone *fell* out of her hand.
They should have made the contracts work like gathering tools, no weird pathing bugs, no weird "use the item but give no reward" bugs, and the exploits wouldn't be working either.
quality shitposting
Add me: Cheesetale
Goten
Golders Green and Barnet must be retaken!
But I want to show you my penis and shock you and surprise you.......whatever PC culture of 2016 :)
You have beautiful eyes
Well, you're a big strong man, so if a woman beats you, you must have deserved it.
Haven't seen that before anywhere on the internet
Well, now that I'm on the $48/5GB plan, I'm streaming and tethering a lot more, but still have yet to break 1GB with a week to go in this billing cycle.
Yep, I wondered why he wasn't at the debate
Can't wait for G Message
Quality phone, no wonder it costs so much
nkthellios the comment thief
Now they only have to find a few smiling french to evaluate this
Thanks
Nice try hacker
Yeah but 403(b)s and IRAs *also* don't work if you don't put money in, so clearly the system as a whole is broken
No it's totally fair, height is permanent so it makes sense to ask, but she can lose weight so giving the current number is meaningless
Have you seen college entry exams from around that time?
I just figured Supreme cranked out a renaissance masterpiece to throw on a coaches jacket
But it's not about race, because its never about race, right?
Best bonus ever
Repeatedly insulting your "oppressors" is a great way to open a fair discourse...
Clearly he wasn't communicating the answer she wanted to hear, maybe if she asked him again he would change his answer.
Probably why Konami got rid of him :(
Yeah trust him, he owns those companies.
I am sure Sean will listen to you, and not his lawyers.
Their Cross-game memes are also way better (2ez4itz, Chinese Heart,...)
No, only items made in the US are BIFL
Omg wut a fail.
Because not everyone needs to exclusivly work on the problem most important to you all the time.
Fighting back against the War on Christmas(tm)
I take it you like Fallout?
Oh look, a neutral and unbiased comment explaining something.
It was even confirmed by RHCPTV5
But what about the secret hand signals Hillary was throwing out?
Everyone with doubts about the scanning mechanic should watch this episode.
Yeah lets not make assumptions off of the only evidence we have
But Trump supporters are violent bigots
BLAME THE BOOMERS.
Should have put an
But men hate vagina and love toxic masculinity.
His dads name was Mia?
Thanks guys, you really just made my job at Minor League madhouse that much easier.
just change out minutes for months and you should be fine
Nissa is rather foul at times
Rules don't apply to bikers.
Wasn't sure if you were a boy or girl... checked the username ... Jesse... the new Pat
That Jezebel.
I wouldn't wish injury upon him, sheesh
Yes, that's *totally* what he means by that, good job decoding that big guy.
Hahahahah nothing like a child rape joke
Flash factory image via Odin
That's the next step
You dropped your
White knight much
Once you reach the top, it's all downhill from there.
I think he forgot the
legit
They're in the south playing football, so obviously any country music star will do right?
fuck
Yes let's all hate all of Canada because of one shitty law passed in one city
damn what an offer!
you forgot the
But Trump is racist
alors, tu vas etre tres tres enerve apres les 7% de melechon aux presidentielles
Corgitty
wow still so funny everytime :D
Tickets for TNF against the Bengals last year were going for $15-$20
Irsay isn't a coach, but ok that makes total sense
Literally unwatchable now
I think Reagan and Romney used the same line of reasoning.
Yea, I bet if he would not support Trump this would have never happened and this guy would be well-balanced.
A lot of WW have an upgrade in code but the upgraded version are identic to the non upgraded version,like in BO2 there is an upgraded Sliquifier nammed SL1QUIFER without any difference,and there is no gsc who are related to any Nan Sapwe upgrade.
Well it would be a fucking travesty for a rich person to see the total value of thier assets be slightly lowered by a tax... I mean, compare the pain of that to not being able to pay your rent or eat and I think you'll understand thier position.
Yeah but at least the SEC is a power 5 conference
Well, as long as he still hates Capitalism it's all good.
Do you believe this to be a statement containing some amount of truth?
Yeah, that's why the A10 is notoriously slower than the 820
You'd think Brad would just give us what we all want and that's a pre workout of caffeine, cocaine, beta alanine, arginine, citrulline, epinephrine, and a touch of speed.... Not this cookie cutter crap!
I seem to have dropped my
Idk why the downvotes, they both deflated balls
Never thought you'd be back in this
Well, you suck!
Thanks for chipping in, I hadn't realised your opinion was objectively correct.
Yeah I'm sure he hadn't practiced doing that or anything
Used to have a few rental properties, not worth the time and effort imo
That's really great someone left the exact part you needed to replace the one that broke off.
If they could add a fire cap like in black ops 1 but for the way you look, or the way you move?, because with a keyboard you can only move in 8 directions, I don't know where I'm going with this.
Volume should be loud enough that you can't ear outside, but not loud enough where you cant hear your own voice.
Never heard of him, can you give context?
Nah, it's the "lark" guys you have to watch out for, they're the real troublemakers
Playable only by streaming it from Xbox Now
You still scared of those crazy muzzies in Malerkotla bro?
I'm sure she never considered the most obvious first step...
Anecdotal evidence, checkmate atheist!
Maybe he can help us all avoid paying taxes!
Yeah that's exactly what I said
*yaaaaaaaaay*
I actually got this exact same player, name and all, in my Master League campaign with Liverpool.
A clear majority!
Yeah because every single White person pre civil rights era was a racist slave owner
Had both him and Steve Smith, so i traded him (Wallace) for Golden Tate and starting him, over Darkwa.
I dunno, just to throw something random up.
Well let's not jump into conclusions, the game has barely begun!
We know ur just a 1337 H4x0r that planted that infinity in the chest
German here, i don't see what you're talking about?
Wow, haven't seen volcanos on backs before...
Speak for yourself you filthy peasant.
He has no chance against Kanye tho
Because the PC versions of CoD games are of such amazing quality.
My 390 turns my room into a sauna in the summer, but it makes a nice furnace in the winter.
Yes, I'm sure Oxford will be a wasteland.
You forgot the FallTM tag
OP is an ISI agent who is shitting after surgical strikes
Jill Stein?
I heard they did the same but with an entire movie when it came to Star Wars VII.
They're just brown people, who cares about them?
Well, if he had cancer I'm pretty sure theres a law saying your wife can't leave you until its over.
We signed him for $12 million, so obviously it was the right move.
Trump is just like poor people, you know
"Serious", at the beginning of questions cause I'm only on reddit for dank memes!
And lost in the divisional round... Thanks for ruining my day even more.
Not me!
"If snot tasted this good I'd go around sucking everyone's noses" - my dad literally every time someone brings up the similarity to snot.
idk what ur talking about man that shit is clean
Are either Smallwood or Barner worth a look if Mathews is out?
LULquid.LULba?
Because the church has a building within the confines of the city limits, duh.
That was amazing!
Stacy
Because players are kneeling for the anthem
This is important.
Where's the penalty for lewis' engine blowing up?
Lamb, Villar, Duffy, JBJ.
that makes me sad, me and my friends like a good fisting
You dropped a
As a montrealer, this is the only real answer here.
Yeah, definitely Koreans vs Japanese differs as much as black vs white.
White supremacist scum
yep waaay more racist than slavery or jim crow, or the countless hate crimes.
Colin Cowterd.
And I totally haven't seen a guy deliberately light his hand on fire...
*knock knock knock* "Hello u/Lehot, we are some ISIS recruiters, would you like to join?"
I'm sure you're an expert on tax legislation.
Does using a MicroSD adapter impact performance in any way?
Runescape
No worries, someone can always make a third party battery for us, to solve the problem.
Teddy Bridgewater?
Keep in mind they're also fat, dumb, uneducated and pretty fuckin naive.
Gosu Shredder gunner detected.
True Americans can't
Atleast you're having fun on those same 7 or 8 strikes that you've been playing for the past 2 years :) ha haha ha ha
Nah man, pure skill, totally VPs fault for letting this happen.
This is what happens when you don't put
Could you please explain what updude is?
Be the good guy, not always the nice guy.
_Sarkasme har da eksisteret i lang tid, hvad snakker du om?_
Hop to Deutsche Bank asap!
I've been working on deciphering things like these for over 30 years and the only things I can work out so far are "______ ____ Ovaltine "
Thor-toe-wah-zay
If bo can be 1c in my NHL be a gm team, then he definitely can irl!
Moi je trouve qu'il a un kolossal talent
What's stopping you from participating in bug bounty programs?
Also they can get extremely aggressive and territorial when their wings aren't clipped.
Because the UK was never capable of funding its own science prior to joining the EU and it can never happen again, right?
Adding some alcohol to the mix should solve all that.
Forced Perspective: Expert
You stepped on a cat's tail too?
Afaik, in Saudi Arabia, they are called Saudi Business Machines to be "a local/national" company...might be different now (heard it years ago)
But...cheetochimp made money off the deal...what a smart business man!
I think Huawei has bigger aspirations than being a oem manufacturer, and their global market share is growing so who knows how much capacity they had left to take on a "oem project."
....what makes you say the guy is Indian American?
Nah screw all that noise, Marvel needs to kill off someone to prove that they can take risks, Oh and also they're no stakes because you know they aren't going to die.
Yes, but apart from their coach staff they probably used it to get rest maybe even sleep knowing they had at least 4 hours until they had to get warmed up again
Yes
So we can play personally against pacman
Because we're fun like that.
OOP means Object Oriented Programming iirc
lockdown with q, displace/knockup with flay, zip-line to safety with lantern, zone control ult, infinitely scaling armor from souls....ya, totally useless
Well he does wear #7...
Oh Logic likes sinatra I had no idea
Oh my...
OP comin up with them super sick burns
Please tell me you forgot the
Good thing we got rid of that!
*pfft* I'll raise you by a dolla and 1 Capri Sun!
Which never happens
I should really start using
Classic Pondy
She looks like a ragdoll cat, so this might belong to a breeder.
The records must be easy to break if our mediocre QB keeps doing it.
Wow he can speak Italian!
go to Op UGL on west but on original not brood war (unfortunately there was a mass migration to playing original on west some time ago after a hacker 'hellinsect' made it virtually impossible to host games on brood war east)
He doesn't like the Tottenham Hotspurs... better?
i feel peachy
Now what you want to do is also run SSG in the deck so you can do it faster than turn 4!
Yeah, i heard someone else point that out before, i dont think you're the first to say so.
Hey, at least you didn't get Alford out of it!
That's ridiculous, it would make way more sense to put them in jail, give them criminal records thus making employment impossible, and while we're at it we can shun them away from society and call them good for nothing junkies.
Been a lvl 140 for over 2 years I still use xp boost all the time, you guys may have missed the verbal war among-st gamers when BF4 launched where it was advocated that max rank doesn't mean anything because of the XP boost system, If you are looking at battlelog you will see it increases you SPM (Score Per Min) which when combined with your win ratio and your KD will give you your "skill" number.
My thought exactly!
Also, Steam not allowing discounted games to leave reviews would means that nobody can leave reviews really.
That's why we should all go play Initium, right guys?
birth control maybe
I am actually sure that was Dewey Finn in School of Rock.
Eh there are (somewhat) decent media formats and there is the yellowpress.. However the german media is mostly biased against Trump (I personally believe none of the US Candidates are fir for office but thats another story.)
South Korea does that too, if i remember correctly
tell them about javelin sells
It's always medic's fault.
I'm hoping that one of the leaks has an unironic use of "u wot m8"
Oh I think I saw that on Fox News
Yeah, if fucking Italy doesn't want Southern Italy why should we?
What's the difference?
Auriel can't revive herself.
Sad news for Pansy.
Always was.
selbst schuld, wer nicht .odt verwendet
But I thought Microsoft is committed to windows 10 mobile.
Yeah must be difficult for them to read their own language / script.
Please remember, as always, that this has nothing to do with Islam!
On Reddit.. just what we need!
What an insightful contribution.
Yeah, not like those HDD enclosures can be reused when the drive dies..
The rats you encounter after creating a new char are listed as minor threats, probably to make it easier to understand
Yeah I hear rumble beats Riven really hard...
Brb, gonna farm my homu
TIL Russia is in Europe
Glad they filmed this with an 8mm.
But what about that cinematic feel?
32 spots left as of today.
more like a white flag, because they appropriated it
but that's too much work
I will have to look into this.
So clearly systemic environmental degradation of coral reefs isn't a problem, because there is coral on coral violence!
You've ruined a perfectly fine picture!
no never
The Metta Era
Love how he smoothly strokes those dongs the opposite way.
gotta make sure u kno who's the alpha here so next time we meet u won't fck with me m8
What if KD is internally sabotaging the warriors on our behalf and is singing with us next year when cp and blake take less money?
That last episode of Bates Motel though is creepy af.
r/thathappened
I like it but physics.
But this is a city so you should expect it!
Nik needs to go the fuck away, we took a chance on him and he's just airballed his first 3 this season
Que surpresa!
10D Halo and he threw a *lot* of grenades right before he died.
It's a shame she's not more orgasmic
***SHADE***
Nothing, they will keep him the same since he's op
Well, Donald Trump, if you had bigger hands it wouldn't be an issue.
THAT'S ACTUALLY WINDOWS 10 GUI ELEMENTS YOU CUCKED FAGGOTS.
Not seeing a whole lot of Chipotle Gang members in here..
basically sandwich bread that is sliced extra thick.
just log in with multiple bot accounts and downvote the shit out of that "originality" and post it youself, problem solved
It'd be neat if the ultimate and freeze gun caused enemies to be entangled in vines as they grew over them
Surprising since Turnbull and his buddies fabricated a strategic review of the NBN to justify FTTN which basically said all we would need by 2023 is 15mpbs.
he can pretend he doesn't look at what trump does, because he assumes that whoever won the republican nominee is fine.
Careful not to cut yourself on that edge
I mean if you have a depressant and a stimulant those cancel each other out right?
(*touches you*) ..will you make me better off than before now?
Shit...that's scary :(
If you have to ask the question you need to lose weight.
[Paperback Writer - The Beatles]
Bellies up for Harambe
She's a woman - that'll mean no more wars, right?
If we win the next two games it will be because the Broncos and Seahawks are pretenders
That's hate speech
Chemtrails
Stop whining online and get a life.
They weren't speeding.... why would they ticket the driver?
Shh...if you complain about shotguns, you're actually just a butthurt sniper.
Did you just assume my gender?
But I drafted him with my first pick!
She's doesn't look high at all.
The best way to get definitive answers is to first insult the people who you want answers from, Amirite?
We already do dominate the world, and you'd better agree with us if you know what's good for you.
Tell her she needs to full in the subject line, just so you have a choice
I mean Bailey did miss that 46 yarder last game
you dropped this,
Cooled my PC with saltwater direct from the Atlantic, corroded my valves and ate my computer from the inside out.
Isn't this more of a PSA than a tip?
Yeah have sense... 300x300(px) texture = 90'000MB
modern planes use vibration at high speed to prevent material from building up on cockpit glass
What's up with that 16% of Asians?
Yeah I bet he sends winky faces to every guy he talks to.
Nah, Snoke is Porkins' and Windu's son (or whatever, I don't want to assume it's gender)
good to see phrenology is alive and well
You should try an OP2 then, I'm sure that'll work
You dropped this
new jetski sounds are shit, uninstalling
Well, actually, it takes a super long time develop a brand new engine you know...
It's not raciest if you're privileged.
I believe it's an anarchy of which Putin is just the figurehead
Great job focusing on whats important, not that bs about getting vets better mental healthcare.
KD already destroying team chemistry, should've kept Harry B tbh
No buff, just outplayed.
NATO: Keeping the fro of the world thoroughly combed.
Hey, natural nuts traded for sucrose injected with unnatural colors is always a win!
So where is the console?
I dropped this
Arkham Knight might get 55fps with some drops
It was after the whole thing with IW and Activision, so it was rushed
Yea you stay classy Massachusetts ...definitely making my state look good!
* Do not seat idol.
There's always money in the ~~banana stand~~ jew tree.
Whoever said "good luck cornbread" just took me back to Austin's eviction when Steve says "good luck Austin" on his way out the door lmao
But I thought women were supposed to be the same as men in every facet, including biologically?
Talk about homophobic
That's his invisible prosthetic, it's to represent his emptiness inside him about loosing his arm, dick.
I don't know, but Trump's strategy seems to just be to double down on everything he says and very rarely admit he was wrong.
From my experience, 2 frontlines, for example Fernando and Ruckus, wrecks the shit out of my team.
Once you find a theme, limit yourself to the textures and props used in official maps with a similar theme.
Next they will ban fiat and use only bitcoins
Because the Gnomes are a bunch of control freaks.
He's just the support for Skylanders.
Yeah but your billboard ads don't.
They will probably make an all female version of the boost trail and completely ruin it.
Public opinion cracked 50 percent on round text so she flip flopped in favor of it.
Obviously this test was created to support Hillary by highlighting all of trumps flaws without supporting any of his strengths.
That would make the film's budget the largst in history.
So where did you whisk your family away to that only has pure white people as yourself?
I guess Pentagons 500 mill was well spent.
Huh, wonder what this book is about.
Reddit loves the SR-71 hahaha I still don't understand the physics of what's happening from the video - can someone ELI5 please?
Yep, and still hilarious!
They obviously aren't allowed to assemble, because the assembly is for the purpose of spreading hate and racism, and they were going to incite violence anyway!
just get morello's too
Wow sounds like a great TV show!
[BUG] Using the server browser causes my game to crash.
You're telling me all this time I've been going to the Red Cross for nothing.
Ahh the welsh being lucky again...
I'm surprised no one picked up on that sarcasm...hahaha sorry
You're wrong
~~Laslow boys~~
this fight was too easy, imo.
It means that you need to belong to the Automobile Association of America.
I especially liked the part when the whole screen was shaking like a mofo when you got close to the slow-ass, dead silent blimp with rotors spinning at 4 fucking rpm.
Whatevs, all amps sound the same anyway.
Tough decision there, since Iraq's been a mess since 2002 and Trudeau was elected in October 2015.
TIL: Everyone has armored car guard experience, and if in his shoes would've known exactly what to do in this situation!
You shall be known as
Well at least we only have one more year finishing 30th, then it's 31st for four more
People who like guys that can shoot at a high school level.
Doesn't exposure to UV light make amethyst lose it's purple color?
Actually SPD has opened a criminal investigation.
Ukraine is just another part of Russia.
I feel like I've heard that name before
Or express opinions...
Yep, 5 year account checking in, CTR checks helped pay off my student loans!
Banned u/-Harper
Seems more like a case of workplace violence than radical Islam.
Just spending a lot of time outside with your friends.
If everyone is corrupt, then no one is.
My baptism was on my birthday, so blessed.
And that's why Dominican sailed through unscathed.
*quid pro quo* in action.
It's the perfect time for Varly and Picks to get hot.
Get laid for once nerd
2 HOURS OF SLEEP CAN'T STOP THE TRAIN CHOOCHOO
That was beautiful.
You're right, even though she supports it now, we should all be very disgusted and we should elect a sexist bigot and his anti-gay VP instead.
Stirred!
Idk why people try to stay alive when they are sick either
Well I mean, it is a game about crime and chaos so she should have seen this coming and not played if she didn't want this to happen, right?
Quora-n: The ultimate sapiosexual.
Look, this is my surprised face....
and how's his off ball defense?
This is liberal bias!
They are... We got Xhaka
Because we *need* centers, so we'll take *anybody*.
the primary risk is the account getting banned as its against riots rules
No it only started with Obama!
Wait, you *don't* want to enter to win all those free gift cards?
The most reasonable and mature response here
Yeah he needs to accept now people can get gay married.
It's definitely you
isnt it a mind fuck when you finally realize it?
Just because you don't agree with his sexuality doesn't mean that he "came out wrong"
Yep, let's just ignore the actual fight because Terria is for kids
Is that even allowed in Utah?
it's just gone way too far and i sincerely hope Trump wins, it will be the US equivalent of Brexit people are fed up with this crap and if they don't get a reasonable representative to reflect their views then there will be trouble in future and by trouble i mean civil unrest because so far it seems in the last 15 years our Western societies have been rewarding only those who back their demands with the the believable threat of force that is why we have pandered to Islamists and pandered to "communities" and developed "community policing" giving "communities" more rights than individuals it's the state delegating policing duties to "community leaders" deputising them effectively so they can then bully and harass individuals unfortunate enough to have been born in their identity politics group
Because reynad is totally an example of a failed streamer
Looks like they're jumping on the liberal media train
Or at least invest in brdcoin
Scott or Shelby for HOH for MAXIMUM levels of salt
Don't worry the Clinton foundation will help Haiti again......haha can't say it with out
Never seen this before!
Implying people in this sub get near sex.
Logically I'd choose the one not seen holding a weapon... but I was going to choose my man Richtofen anyways.
Oh yeah, that'll help
Nixon should have blamed Watergate on the Russians and had a drone strike on Deep Throat.
What owl?
When a good title for a repost older than you is too mainstream.
Public matches in a game.
I am glad to know that my tax money is being used for a great cause.
Looked better with the entire face but didn't feel like blocking it all out LOL
Oh then that's totally OK.
Yeah man you never heard of the reboot?
I remember Moblin, but I think you mean Maemo, or Meego, but maybe you mean Tizen.
Yah, it was pretty low at 831cp.
now with SMS
Don't you mean Pablo Escobar?
To be honest, Coldzera is not the most likeable player around.
But it's in *"mint condition"*
That's not a solution that's just you being petty.
ARMA 3
Bumper sticker: "Don't blame me I'm writing in Ron Paul!"
I reckon these new fangled fuel injected cars are just a little complicated for these folks
SPOILWERS TEG
Totally, he also loved bowling and used the nickname "Jesus".
Maybe that will please the feminists
Like yours, obviously.
But apple has an awesome phone with cordless earbuds.
At Winstar!
Better safe than sorry
Next there'll be stickers... Then the CS:GO nation attacked...
You monster!
Rockstar isn't stupid.
She missed a few cones
Yeah, let's just kill them and their women captives!
OMG NOOOOOOOO I WASN'T READY
Well of course it's white people's fault because black people are to dumb and lazy and unable to support themselves.
9gag for relatable new memes
;)
And just happen to come across the streamers whilst they're currently streaming just by chance multiple times.
Its obviously the destroyer, by far the hardest.
A non-foil version would have approximately zero impact on the expedition version
Think I can still claim my Nexus 10?
Nah got to be running the read option with Brady
It's not my job to educate you!
Well I for one welcome our new Russian overlords.
The war against men rages on!
Obviously, those bars were placed so close together to shame large cats and encourage thin cat privilege.
Damn, his parents are just a bunch of fanboys
Who cares when we can use it as propaganda to ad hominem our political opponents!
Fire guy fights water guy of course
Yes and high
Die Piratten verlassen das sinkende Schiff...
Your daughter should have been wearing her rape bracelet, shitlord
Wow, your catch rate looks terrible
That's how addictive crack is
1c2 for your key
The money isn't going to launder itself.
Well he can wait forever if he thinks he will get a job at a top team without having any experience whatsoever.
When they update the game.
10/10 character from lewis
'Grab them by the pussy' is just a euphemism for 'taking a woman out to see nice furniture.'
What difference at this point does it make?
He's just being sarcastic
yeah he definitely sucks
Supergirl and National City didn't recognize the name The Flash.
That's exactly what a *socialist communist* would say
Yeah, there are russians, who tend to ignore everyone but each other... and then there are... wars goons are involved in :P Then there is pre-goons.
But then again, copying Erik is a great idea, as he alone is overpowered
Gazlowe was picked once in a tournament and he had 100% winrate, he must be nerfed
Nah they're just gonna nerf the playmaking potential ( CC, Damage, Waveclear, Global Mobility ) of other Supports and make them heal bots, that will make Rehgar good again
ghost of toler
Well we wouldn't want a wrong call to negatively impact one team over another would we?
FOUTS LOVES THE STEELERS!
I think you dropped the
manziel is the browns only hope
Yes, it's the fault of the person being raped.
He has a tough job - I am pretty sure all the 16-25 year olds talking shit on Goddard would do a way better job in that situation.
Its that Saudi Arabia are our allies and the good guys!
If wishes were fishes we'd all swim in riches
Fuck yeah Beasley
But what about the alpha males?
Well, [Darth Marr is probably one of them, but...who's the other?]
Praying for you.
At least hockey starts this week since the Eagles season is now over.
The little square in the corner that says "EA"
This sounds like when homophobic people secretly have gay sex or rape gay people.
He's a baby, he's going to cry anyway
Let me guess, you're a Scientologist
Pancitards.
It would confuse new players
Don't get married - your spouse will change the wallpaper/floor
What an extremely specific classification.
Yeah, it's not a big deal, but how will this guy get upvotes without making a jab about how gross vaginas are, hurr durr.
Just more locker room banter you guys, I'm sure he respects the black community very much.
I really wish I knew as much as you about the future--would make things nice.
I like this one.
But can we pls see the real victims here, the racists can't even speak their opinion in public anymore, this is just plain discrimination and that is wrong.
I hope that's a fake name you have on your username.
But what are the Russians gonna do with Hillary's campaign plans?
Evolution is just a theory.
Should I call the Pitch fork guy so we can riot?
Because France is the US's lapdog, right?
At least we have the half a billion dollar Browns stadium as our crown jewel.... Totally worth it
According to a comment under the video it's a farewell for their retiring deputy chief.
Ah yes, well clearly advocacy groups put him up to this.
Good thing the horrible skin ripping effect and scribbly writing totally offset that!
Rest In Peace me.
Top 4 in Worlds is still worse than Biolift not getting out of groups.
I love those ones just lock on to the front of the opponent and make him forget that he could have just jumped over me to stop my team mate from dribbling the ball down the field.
Ero piccolo ed avevo preso coscienza per la prima volta della mia voce interiore pensavo di essere l'unico che aveva questa voce interiore, la delusione che ho avuto quando a scuola ci hanno insegnato a leggere non a voce alta era immensa.
Finally, now we can put all this global warming nonsense behind us.
It's like Chinese version if Swedish
IF: Not having a belief IS having a belief THEN: Not having an apple IS having an apple Makes sense to me.
Because it's more 'artistic.'
Is that the ps4 version?
No, definitely how the game is supposed to be played.
Dang, there go all of Clinton's hard-line pro-gun supporters!
poor walmart
That anti-synergy is so good because 60% of the dmg doesn't get leeched because it's converted to chaos.
Yeah Miley is definitely doing shows at places where there isn't a huge price tag on pit passes.
Good Teammates
I thought I was the only one..."hey yo"
Rule #4 m8
Trying to be yoshi damn...
Every time a friendly Mei blocks my hook I'll make sure not to bully her.
More accurate title would be "Devious teens swindle two blind women out of a superior pumpkin in order to win race!"
obviously because they can all kick ufc fighters asses, all of them in one night.
Aw he misses you already!
This change is long overdue.
She's just jealous Ice found a new grill.
Also, acting.
Already there.
This so not true, you're all just bludgers taking money from the tax payer.
Deciding based on emotion, that should end well.
It's all just "words" until they are trumps words then they're facts
Because Benghazi, emails, Bernie Sanders, ISIS.
When you realize jelly beans are really just organs
Trump is clearly a genius and this has been his plan all along.
You could always get suction cups and attach the plate to them
Implied
whoah he's such a cool bad boy
No,cuz it has a green battery icon
How do you not have Salad Bar and Carrasco...
We also know that a charcodons vs night lords book has been announced way ahead of time and drops squarely in the rumored time period for the new edition which maybe means its a novelization of the starter set.
Not if she irrationally got upset because they withheld SO MUCH MONEY then celebrated when she got a fat refund check from the government around tax time.
That is defiantly not art....
Batman vs Superman: Dawn of Justice I feel like it just wasn't long enough
Your ex is the ocean?
Safe spaces
Sounds like a healthy mindset.
Fucking weebs...
But I have a test everyday...
Truman show adjace
They be.
Nah man, FIBA rules
Amber Rudd: Can't we just sterilize them at the border?
Cancelling preoder right now!
This is huge.
Satoshi killing their VT key pieces was poetic justice.
Better than Rizzo at this point
Well, it's just a Western Europe problem, they are so brainwashed and politically correct that they simply refuse to accept it.
And of course, ban vaccines :-)
Kevin Constant
No misinformation here.
Made sure to vote for it &lt;3 best game evuuuuuur
dont do this tsm lost cause of this
So, ignoring all these reasons which computer gaming is better, consoles are definitely better
What, you don't think calling up a dying newspaper and running a full page explainer of cash flow statements or obscure tax laws is the missing key to EY achieving their Vision 2020 bullshit?
Don't you know that Hermit was the only reason Origin was good at worlds last year?
You cant wrestle !
hell yeah
I thought he knew of a magical website!
Clearly just a rip off of the greatest game ever made, No Man's Sky...
But, but Wikileaks.
Yup, ZSNES also.
But if the prostitutes are Catholic, they are "good girls".
Uh oh, time to stop thinking for myself and blindly follow some journalist's opinion.
Too far man too far
What is this "love" you speak of
to brag to your friends and the internet?
Hey guys, women are funny... get over it
Nah, she just knows when to bite her tongue.
His descriptions of the measures are totally unbiased.
No, they have disciprine
But I thought Conor held all the records!
Typical overrated Englishman
Maybe Larry is Whoopi's estranged son from a white guy.
That's the point
Yeah, there's no chance that online instant messaging and online gaming worlds would never cross over
Matt brown should do then...
She blew up our game!
What part of jogging and movies means sex?
Okay, unless you live in OH, FL, NC, CO, NV, NM, or NH!
Just a ram ramming a drone
I've *seen* this before...
Get out.
Never in a million years could 20 10 year olds all fighting with pillows cause 2 to get wayyy too into it and beat each other up.
Sure... the more i know islam, the more i will be tolerating other religion, gays &amp; lesbo, democracy
Not to be sexist or anything, but I think men might not be stable enough to vote.
Soccer Specific Stadium
If you're trying to personally relate to Arrested Development you probably have your empathy turned up too high.
We should get a YouTube hero on the case and have them mass flag the channel
Guild contribution
With this deck you can even beat trainer cheddar.
We found the Trump supporter
King of B incoming .
Nah to be consistent they should force everyone to donate tissue and organs to save another potential life.
You didn't bring your metal ball?
Ya, well, FH has to film gameplay AND edit, so they don't have time to make good content!
That's edgy as fuck.
Wait there are tutorials
*Desh drohi tarimanopico* Go to pakistan.
That would be awesome having 2 traps under you every time you're hooked, I can't imagine that not being really fun
Panther 8.8 is OP and hackerz paradise, it is known.
I'm a veteran, I'm gay, I'm black and I support Trump for realz!
Let's hope the screen is not cracked when you turn it around
Didnt you know reddit is one of the places where people try to join unconnected things to explain/foresee an up-and-coming event ... that happens ... sometimes ...
Still better than Booker!
Whoa whoa, take it easy there, I didn't know I was talking to a veteran
this thread is killing tf2
Is t too late to adopt yourself out to a new family?
There is an external power brick, you could simply change over for different mains voltages
Yeah because the two party system is such a default globally.
Flying tanks
Fuck your swear jar, I ain't givin you shit.
Fooling around on my phone and laptop, occasionally interrupted by college.
NBD, they are too old for him anyway
We're redditors..... having a first date.
He was so good he won a competition 8 years in the future
Doing god's work, son.
Jj abrams
Damn, the ACLU is a Russian puppet too.
You don't need feelings for that
I should have included a
your image is upside down (ranks excluded).
Thankfully you listened to Reddit and drafted Laine instead.
And?
In contrast, all the Montreal mayors since then have been superb.
Assuming that is true, then this is totally worth posting the video that could get him fired...
"anywhere" It's delivered via semi-truck.
Found the nazi
It seems you forgot
Nah man, Back to the Future fans, not Die Hard fans
It'll keep growing and growing until they just legalize it.
shit meme
I think Cardiff has reasonable entry grades for Compsci..
yeah coulthard isnt driving ;)
Well said!
Seems legit
Ah the women's vote.
that would be sexist....
I'm tired of the hate for these lieutenants, these are your leaders, you all need to show them more respect right now.
Pfffft what are you talking about everyone knows Chinese is the only tonal language
You forgot the 16 playoff games :)
This is just scaremongering.
I cannot believe the government would take your tax money and not deliver.
BUT I THOUGH MANSPREADING IS JUST SOMETHING THAT FEMINAZIS MADE UP!
and I am sure you will use it with only the best of intentions
True but according to people like Mitch McConnell Coal and Oil are "clean energy" and we have nothing to worry about.
Small loan really
LALALALLA I CANT HEAR YOU
Really, I was looking forward to this interview all week
You mean to tell me Zaharias labyad isn't going to become better than Pogba?
Yes, because mana syrm totally needs a buff.
Now you guys can start a racist club and compare how other black guys look alike.
3 people who San Diego respect the opinions of more than others.
I started coffee back about 2 weeks post-op.
Needs to be a 1 mana 4/4, think of the curve!
And then Steam and Sony will grant refunds to anyone who asks.
But his outreach to Black voters was so effective.
Just use Hot Hand!
vim
"Would you kindly go up to Rahool's office and kill the son of a bitch."
Wait so pro/rel means the league below gets promotion too!
Maybe more colorful.
It's the cinematic experience!
hey man they are "psycho nationalist" and we are the rational one
Not really, since using his 2 always gets an instant pentakill.
That dude had a body on him that just haaaaasss to fuck.
We know at least they care about Green renewable energy now, BOYZ
comparing the vita to the ps4... makes total sense
Well at least there is something a giant user can be mad about...
If he were really sorry he'd post his phone number.
Please tell me your ingame nick is "aLAN"
Another example of her poor judgement
Can't wait
Since one couple are dressed that way, that must represent every other couple of the present time!
But, but, Rasmussen.
I found the 15 year old boy.
Yeah sure, I'll just send you my Steam login and you can play all my games.
Ofcourse, it'll bring up the download speed big time!
And there have never been issues with steam cloud before.
If you come to a BBQ and bring beer then leave, that's MY beer now.
it also does with NA?
Oh, but the fact sources are all in on it tooooooooo!
like i said, WOOOW SO C00l Dood
Lefties running my ux
But can you code better?
Well you're supposed to know.
Hey the Argos won in 2012
TIL anecdotes count as data
Funny, I had no downtime and was 110 the first day
you forgot the
What advantage are you gaining by having 20 gyms versus 15 gyms and 5 strong attackers still available?
The left is so tolerant
And the drug war continues ...
oh but he did it all "secretly"
is it an aero chord song?
N U T A E S T H E T I C
Yeah the Clinton camp totally forced Republicans to vote for him.
Taking advantage of a national tragedy by lying about making a charitable donation makes you smart.
Yeah can you believe those thugs?
You forgot this
Apparently my generation doesn't vote anyway, so it's not an issue right?
whats an espn?
Reality is HRC propaganda
That's how she got here in the first place.
God you are such a dumb dumb head for accepting the game as is a year after its been released!
Well, you sure as shit can't carry it.
Cause people on r/cars thinks that highway passing is the most important thing.
But there was Amandas DNA in Amandas house... guilty!
Whoa Whoa, I am pretty sure his two out save last night is more impressive than anything Bumgarner ever did for the Giants in the postseason.
HL3 November 2016 confirmed
Thanks a lot for nothing you inconsiderate jerk!
Sorry, but that's what he gets for marrying outside of the Covenant.
Gus just being schill for the University library, how the great have fallen.
Because we know what we're doing in America.
But don't you know that if someone does something shitty it justifies you being shitty as long as it's to them?
Thank you for making the rules.
but console is just as competitive
#allBadThingsMatter
The memefrog is racist!
I'm in an area where the temperature reaches 130 F. I can't wait to leave the searing heat.
Vince actually whipped them for that.
Yeah it's probably Danish hackers.
What am I supposed to do if Mexican steals my job, leaving me without benefits, and a Muslim blows me up?
She was actually hunted down and saved by a time traveler lol
Not even half a cent?
Because IW started robotic characters in MP...
Found the guy who owes OP money.
This is how Murican Freedom, looks like!
Naja der Youtube Chat ist eh viel geiler
Hot tamales?
Damn straight mate!
SVU
Well, this is pretty islamophobic, wouldn't expect this from a german
so badass
What a heartwarming family story.
basta settare rsync con un cronjob
That's what someone who's paid by riot would say to someone who's accused to be paid by riot.
But it's fine, we now have another 350 million to give to the NHS!
Because acknowledging Black people doing anything wrong is racist you racist
No no, zx10 too weak, he needs a turbo busa, only way to go...
It's a good weekend for a day trip!
But if the idea in a single sentence form isn't bulletproof why should we even consider solving any of the obvious problems with obvious solutions?
Karlsson is a pylon confirmed
Because she is a support.
Yeah its Trump's fault that the insane radical liberals attack his supports, he inspired it by talking and resounding with millions of Americans!
Nah man, booing and shittalking is part of "sports culture" and it is the "fans right".
Majority decisioned Nate so hard he should not come back after that terrible loss.
They missed the last debate.
Don't you mean November 28th?
No, birds is poultry not meat
Stand up for what you enjoy somewhere else!
bc thats how western democracy works
Lol yeah Hillary is to blame for everything that is wrong in this world.
Yes because its much better to let windows force close your programs and lose data
Got my 3rd Alrescha woot!
Resell value?
Teague and Monta can't play together
Please tell us more about your experiences on the frontline
I like everything but country and (c)rap.
What foul?
Racist pig
Clearly they were supposed to give the gentlesir a blowjob, how dare those sluts lead him on!
But the true question is, does it have a headphone jack?
It's Hillary's fault I broke the law, that's how bad she is.
Because they couldn't beat the rags?
Wonderboys is great too, but think I have to agree with jforres in that The Amazing Adventures of Kavalier &amp; Clay is one of my all time favourites
Tech that are decades away!
but it has exosuits, so it must be the same!
All black people are criminals.
All others need not apply
Still not HoF material
dammit.
None of my bros believe that, how do I convince them?
...
Ohh ye cus Ruler is bad,right?
I think a rate of deaths per capita would be useful to correlate with this data to help visualize the bigger picture.
Added,trade now?
not impossible, sadly
Click on the link to find out.
yes, that's what the news does....
That's what Mike is known for!
Yep, but in my defence, look at the state of you
Because we don't have the technology to operate these boats unmanned..
Yeah if only we'd had Blake Bortles today, we would have dominated.
By posting, you owe us at least a dissertation.
what he would have wanted.....
I dunno about you, but this $50 fridge fee has convinced me to go back to an ice box.
But then the player base will be divided because everyone will be playing on the new maps and I won't and I'll get jealous and wish I could just play them for free.
Image them not checking their privilege with the audacity to walk on the main road!
Trump really missed an opportunity there.
Yeah, and obviously Hillary left a note at the scene
Nah man he's horrible we need to bring Vick back man
But then I couldn't copy and paste from my phone to computer.
Deport him!
i think this might be old enough...
Burning a republican office is totally diferent than burning the german parliment!
Obviously because Kershaw is the greatest pitcher since Babe Ruth
No no no, let's crucify him he's a terrible person fuck Jacob Wolf
The Hungarian spring came early this year
Obviously people will stop needing maternity care once the market adjusts to make babymaking more efficient
I real woman has 50 pounds of silicone in their ass
eh by the time people in Australia finish downloading the game everyone else in the world are max rank already.
he probably discards it before logging out and then makes a new one when the game does it's checks on login
everywhere they go is uphill, both ways, obviously
What don't you remember how innovative Neith mid was at Worlds?
So this just rewards people fortunate enough to have a car?
Ahh, Ultima...that brings back the memories
Kurt Cobain.
without those 2 years as a Viking i doubt a journeyman like Farve even gets HOF consideration
Felicity doesn't get enough screentime.
What is a state actor
Le ebin linux master race amirite?
Play [[Meren]] no one hates her
That's cause they were inspired by Satan, not television.
It perfectly points out how racist African Americans are.
Because whenever there was an unbalanced game to a point of entire teams rage quitting, auto-balance would magically fix it and you would have a fair and balanced game with great teamwork on both teams.
easy, just put all the korean teams together in groups
Vote 5th Party!
Hmmmm I see no way this could ever be a problem
*Tinfoil hat on * Inb4 the Nick before Nick Nick had that dog as companion before Nick had the memories implanted into his Synthetic mind.
Well that's just because you didn't realize that they were forcing you by controlling you with money
except the provided evidence - like verified info but keep riding the conspiratard train - clearly the clintons want the investment of a company which donated billions to them to fail
The right people haven't tried it.
the R2 button
No wonder the OG Galaxy Vibrant S left a bad taste in my mouth
The fans were probably racist or something the game before, so it had to be a closed match
2 losses with us, obviously he's trash
How far is that from Siam?
way to stay humble bro
Have you considered donating some of your money to the poor?
Pretty sure if I saw God AND Jesus, I would not forget the date.
Yeah better fire the guy making the league and the owners who employ him record money because some fans don't like him
While you're at it Stanley park seems like such a waste of potential space.
You don't, you find them in really big cereal boxes.
We already have a Primary Sidearm, it's called The Last Word.
well if it hasn't happened to you, i guess it wont happen to anyone
You just want to rape and kill everyone who doesn't conform to your murderous insane ideology.
Yeah don't you know she's a woman, so she has to be perfect
Mine would be the SPARKY tower, it does 9999 dmg and cures poison
Yeah the highlight of that fight was when Nick summoned his American Ninja Stockton genjutsu which put Michael Johnson in a mind trance, allowing Nate to get the win.
Nope this is the recalled version
I could do 3d modeling on my iPhone 3 selfie camera...
I think ur missing an
The correct term is SJW, manfag
Sure but how will you prove intent?
Nice job O-Line.
It'll be a "Trail of Tears"
Did you find any games you would recommend to play with a girlfriend?
This thread is going to be full of level headed responses
Purify synergy, too op
Welp, abelism and name calling totally makes what you said true.
Not to mention that sugar bowl
Everyone on esea knows this but still stats is what teams look at when thy decide if they want to try ultimately out ( at least in America)
Yeah, the league *loves* The Patriots
I wonder why during the 1920s, a combat veterans would be ignored for prestigious awards...
Asta inseamna ca si Colectiv a fost premeditat tot de Ciolos, prea repede a inregistrat domeniul
Yeah they never did THAT before.
All those damn colleges brainwashing people...
PSH, volume control is all you need!
This is from 6 days ago...
This is very surprising
And that State Department has been incredibly forthcoming and honest lately
Then I dont like IronBound... I was mad at you for killing me until now.
No mans sky
"YOU GUYS ARE TAKING HIM TOO SERIOUSLY, he isn't saying he would jail her, right guys?"
"Wah wah wah liberals are so mean and taking my freedom because they no longer will accept my racist and sexist bullshit!"
Please
TOP PIP!
Oh, but white people misinterpreting a culture, is sort of their culture, how dare he deny them that...
I can't wait for the sequel to the RFRA.
I'll be there repping too!
they should hire Kelvin Sampson
Only Muslims are terrorists btw.
Lelouch vi Britannia, not at all evident by my Reddit
You're a bad person and you should feel bad
No, she said they will be properly screened before allowed entry.
this is boring and hopefully won't last long
Pikachu and Game and Watch
Believe it's from Alan Jaeger's Thrive on Throwing
Chelsea is just a feeder club for the more prestigious Serie A league anyways
What more could you possibly need?
"I'm Impressed" by They Might be Giants.
No, fuck off!
What's a donkey man?
To be fair, 24 teams in Champions League have more points than in the Premier League.
It's all about the keeds... didn't you know?
Its the ultimate crime don't you know.
Girl if you were an iceberg I'd ram my Titanic into you all day long.
I'd bet you anything that the MP dragon evos are going to be revos probably with a 25m exp curve
Just steal charge shot bruh
Nah not as good as old Ethan.
Just the qualities we apparently want in a president.
Well at least they came out competitive this period.
And have it be 617.
I bet this is rose's fault
nerf this
Picked this guy for my fantasy team - sleeper?
I'm getting tired of all the complaining!
Temp gauge looking a bit low to be part of the club
Altus/Acera groupset!
Thanks a lot for reminding me that Chuck Fleischman exists.
Nate is a big LHW
Yeah, but we know things from Peridot's perspective, and it's Jasper's fault for only knowing the things she knows.
I wonder how long he'll hide beneath his slime covered toadstool before re-emerging for the next scam.
Well I do now.... Thanks for that.
steam controller is not supported, this game is trash
Yeah and I haven't seen you in a minute is 60 seconds.
how totally unexpected
Yes send them to camps, so that they can be reeducate
suspiciouscropping.png
I'll kill him and gut him
Stop making sense asshole
So I would be supporting fair business practices, great.
But the real question is... Will we have the auction house?
Fucking Welsh people.
Yeah, I am sure you know more than the top PC critic in the world.
I think majlish saw the new Teemo skin XD
Says every new Chance fan smh.
I can't wait for my taxes to pay for your welfare.
It's not a joint exploration if China will be the only one conducting it.
Sorry forgot to add the
It's because you all whine and moan the same about each recurring PM, we think you're complaining about the same person all the time.
Let me guess, Rekkles is the best ADC in the world right?
When considering how to handle the tit-for-tat response to Russian interference in our elections, I wonder if the Obama team is considering hacking and releasing GOP email?
Tammy Duckworth should have picked a mother from a more respectable foreign nation, like England.
On the same note being in bed with a starfish that only lays there is no fun either when they are too lazy to move... so much fun
She could just have them assassinated, like she did with Scalia.
Yep, nice one, i can't remember when petitions for games didn't work.
Yeah that definitely can't be it.
Did you not realize that his comment was also a joke?
Hey buddy, you got a source to back that up?
Wow, why haven't we tried this yet?
It is if you are a western team and only have 1 Korean on your squad.
Is that Lawrence?
Dont forget Libya, Syria, Benghazi, ObamaCare, and 9/11!
Give me some lotion and i'll give it a crack.
But why can't we be friends with people who want to kill us?
Hey that's my meme!
Extinction of the word exctinction
Dies to Consecration literally unplayable
Not sure about the "prevent growth" option, but don't forget about amenity-granting policies!
^Prob Jeff can some *other* employee confirm smell
Wow we need to trade kluber, pitched our only loss this post season
Yeah, I don't see why Michigan isn't on this list.
He had the keys, he just hadn't revealed them yet.
The whole show takes place in 1965.
Well good to get them now before they get hyped again
Segregation Now!
the supreme court, duh
I did the same recently and went to a Golf R. Love the Focus ST, good choice.
It is because his mic is broken.
"Live, love, laugh"
That about explains why they're all over Boulder, Colorado.
I thought everything was Obama's fault...
Nah, that's CLEARLY a visual glitch
Exactly my thoughts
*beholden?
Yep.
op plz
Yeah seriously, the good leaders do coke.
I only want him more now
Game In the title guys, Jesus Christ
I'm looking forward to seeing Neely's grand effort to unite the house now her side is in power
Obviously it is Jay Ajayi, first 200 yard back this season.
Fire, according to the classical elements
The nx announcement being the obvious highlight of that whole day
well, maybe you should do drugs?
yeah the coach who thinks talent isn't existant and the guy who thinks he doesn't have to train much because he has a shitton of talent will work together greatly
You spelled respek wrong.
Another PPD that turns out to be a just be a regular old PP, what a shocker for this sub.
I know, all those Indy guys like Shinsuke Nakamura, Wade Barrett, AJ Styles, Dolph Ziggler, and Big Show using strike finishers.
C/o me @ forest green sunbursts
^ someone's never flown in a plane
Ok man you're the best, thanks for such a relevant contribution
oh wow i'm doubled over laughing really didn't see this one coming XD
OP already said that he took it in July 2015 though, which is pretty long ago if you ask me.
Whoosh
I like how you assume their gender.
Trump is losing because the election is rigged!
There is a very small EULA stamped on each one.
I'm sure the new Chinese military equipment will integrate smoothly with all the equipment we gave them.
Next time you know they will misspell Pip to Rip.
Nah, the orphans gonna have to pay up for that pickaxe.
Some scissors can help with that
Episode 1 is by far the most important otherwise they wont understand Darth Jar Jar.
People in Seattle don't honk their horns!
That's why I hunt with my musket.
He is definitely going to win now!
But everyone knows that Ivy League schools have stringent academic requirements and are appalled by the idea of letting the rich and powerful buy their way in and through the school.
It's for torping that burning 434hp DD that sits 12 km away.
But that's their culture, and that's fine.
Out of curiosity, do ya play on both teams?
So in essence, he died and went to the spirit world.
ah but it's okay because he lives in a city with carribean people so obviously it can't be fake!
The good thing about it being labeled as a disability is now when I go to the store I can park in the handicapped spot so I don't have to walk 10 feet more
That's what leaders do.
Neither does dredge, so I guess dredge is unplayable
dont we have enough of them in real life?
I do believe he meant
what a disappointment ozil has been.
9 thousand euros so expensive!
But those beers are full, they haven't drank anything at all!
r u kiding me this is clerly valvo being bad at making games
Nah that pool party mf splash sucks
weed is the gateway drug, i thought everyone knew this mayne?
You planning on leaving a link to that new system?
Maybe Nintendo will finally introduce friend codes to PAD so we finally have a convenient and intuitive online play system.
Can't wait for the Doctor Who crossover DLC, lads
Comic Sans
Don't be calling Jackie Jr stupid now, he knew the capital of Canada for Christ's sake.
Haha so true!
Exactly they should just use a small perpetuum mobile inside of it for power
Thanks, that was incredibly helpful
Such long prison time for a completely nonviolent event that would normally be called journalism....freedom in action
Don't worry we'll all have nanobots that'll communicate our minds at a much more efficient rate than spoken words ever could.
Ah yes, the joys of living with two guys (my gramps and my brother) years ago, who have no aim and wouldn't put the seat up, which resulted in the the joy of sitting in cold piss!
probably all that coke he sniffs
And fuck unions, amirite?
So no more ticket Master?
Indeed, the appropriate response to prevent these kind of issues is to encourage men to hit women at their discretion.
As a polak I can confirm, addition of a few 'kurwas' to his text would have made quite an interesting read
From what I heard this time they said I was starving myself (I eat 3 regular sized meals a day and im of healthy weight) And bad hygiene (Shower every Friday, wash my hands frequently, etc) Last time it was due to suicide thoughts in 2014 (got punished for it 2016, been incredibly happy this year) along with quitting school
Really good luck with that.
Yeah, best to just go home and do nothing now...
FE7 is a prequel to FE6.
you forgot the
Oooooooo it's on sale
Wear brown with navy.
Did you just assume their gender?
Harmontown
I don't know, those 2 days of playing have left me with severe violent tendencies, ptsd, and an inability to distinguish reality from fantasy
They could always sleep under the wheels.
Thai fighters man damn...
I was hoping someone would notice that
He did provide it: They were too ugly to assault.
So you are the Eskimo that buys an air conditioner.
You forgot the
Well, it didn't happen in central Europe, and as we all know central Europe is the only place that really matters.
Meanwhile during European hours it's threads bitching about Russians, which is totally different right?
Yeah says the guy with THAT username!
Hey, Emma and Wonder Woman are insults to feminism and the serious endeavors of the UN on helping the world as their Human Rights leader Saudi Arabia.
NA solo queue confirmed better than ROX
But our entirely English Protestant influenced world view says otherwise, clearly what you are saying must be false.
She clearly doesn't get her dad's humor...
on the street we call them "reefers" or "doobies" and might be laced with fentanyl and kill kids.
That's not real sex
That's the angriest looking Canadian I've ever seen.
looks like ma balls
You're welcome!
No, the primaries were rigged - the general will surely be all above board
Clearly people are simply *furious* about not having that headphone jack
**SEXIST ^PIG**
and add baby goats, no?
God, that last picture is so fucking hot
Oh really?
Nobody told me she was a he god damnit!
That is almost poetic ;)
They can't even get their insults right, you're obviously a *shill* for liking that DLC.
I was first born in a laboratory, unknowingly falling into a pit of immortality
Just make it cost silver dust
Dont assume that thats anti FA im sure that anyone healthy at their size can do the same thing
Forgot the
id go over an punch a bitch
smoking is soo glamorous
Geez... I just figured my refrigerator will run out of food in few days!
More cords=Moar internetz
Fantastic!
It's really unfair.
Oooh - exciting
Man...just think of how bad your life sucks if you bought a 32GB Intel iPhone 7...
What a self centered arrogant ass.
It's simple, just throw a brick at the ground right before you land, you'll land fine.
Agree 100%, just thought the tweet was funny
The mormoms strike again!
12 tiaras, 6 birthday cakes, and a c1.
guess he heard the commentators and thought that he won
Self supporting 21 year old loving this.
Let's all develop a dependence!
Theresa May escaped again.
But it's always the games fault!
Nah man, the top lane dying solo when I was bot side OBVIOUSLY was my fault as a jungler.
Didn't really think I needed
Ugh, how dare they call themselves "straight."
Im pretty sure i saw her blinking SOS.
And pirates are now pre-loading...
Which disqualifies Trump from running for president
All those wasted downs will be worth it for that one time it goes for 8 yds
When your aimlock fails
"wvu hasnt played anybody and texas tech isnt any good"
How many is too many?
Spending all week making videos.
"the sense".... Right, because it was totally haunted
He should resign as a Life Peer - the only way a Life Peer can... with the resignation of his life.
But but $Hillary is a corrupt criminal who should be in jail
Nazi woman Ftfy
I disagree I feel like the whole bloodborne story has been told and I'm done with it!
It definitely doesn't have anything to do with economics, class inequality, or international drug policies.
At least he got 11 yards...
Maybe the van guy is like "Dexter" except he uses his rape van to rape other rapists.
Finally, a federal government minister with the guts to say what needs to be said, the housing affordability crisis is someone else's fault.
~~THE SHIP HAS SAILED~~
Well if we score two TD's and allow one Safety I suppose it's possible just highly improbable.
But I thought he doesn't fit Schwartz's scheme?
Yes, that is quite obvious, but with no response to my tickets or threads on Psyonix's website, I have nothing left to do but keep mentioning my issues in hope that another has come across something similar.
nah its just california taxes
Language is sexist and out to get Womyn
No, Jester is the hacker who hacked Russia's Foreign Ministry website.
Copypasta is people repeatedly spilling their spaghetti, right?
Hey, remember, suggesting any election could be rigged; or that anything that is given to you by authority is incorrect, is *totally non democratic*
Nice argument dude
Are they even touring?
It was already out
...and how dare he appoint "czars"!
Found the white girl
Well there is a educational film called reefer madness that proves this phenomenon
Now only if he was more obsessed.
Super easter egg confirmed, Kevin Sherwood is the key, there's a hidden cipher in the top right corner of his profile picture, CONFIRMED SUPER EE PLEASE LIKe AnD SUBCCrbee 4 MROE
Wow women just have it so easy when it comes to pregnancy
you forgot your
GET JILL ON THE BALLOT
could've just bought florida then waited for mexico to revolt
sure you went to space but I am about to conquer you on earth sooo
So... Le truth is in the middle?
You immediately start hating dick.
Won't be laughing when we build that yuge wall through the Great Lakes bud.
the tail falls off
you was in his sight when he hooked you, so its a legit hook
I could do that, I just don't want to.
Please see my previous nested child comment, I've already trademarkedTM Trademarked.TM Thank you, have a good day!
Everything is sexist and you have to point it all out.
You can't come into the UK if you're a foreigner because you'll just take our jobs and blow us up
But, but... the internet told me VR was just a gimmick?
Ugh who has time to watch the video I'll just make a comment based on my assumptions from the title
Not enough animated emoticons
McDonalds is doing this now, too.
idk it looks like it put the fire out to me
What is morality?
Are you an energy voter?
Yeah, Denzel was freaking awesome in that movie!
Rooney
Well we all know everything on wikipedia is extremely legit and the content cannot be changed by just anyone.
Good riddance ;)
OVER 9000
so you can buy one for 290, then buy one for 130 and spend 410 keys total, or you can buy both together for the low price of 420k!
yea man i turnt gay just looking at it
Yeah, I mean theres a crab on top but I dont even know whats with the right box
don't go bringing logic to such an argument dammit!
Oh boy, its just like the krantz gq that everyone loves!
Ah yes, that is my favorite movie as well
die, you disgusting hetero white male!
but c'mon, NOBODY does that the mizugaki
But the GOP constituency isn't at all racist.
im glad you like me
Bitch.
What great pr for atheists
It's not propaganda if it's true
You can't rape men, thank God!
SBMM is every PvP players dream.
99 the end
More #2 receivers for this offense please
*Chuckle* Yeah Hamas believes in democratic self determination so much - that's why they hold such frequent elections.
Don't worry, Hillary will fix it!
Absolutely haram!
To brag obviously?
Surely the famed libertarian wing of the Tories will save the day!
but let's say Hilliary was having a flirt/affair with Petraeus, that would mean the emails were personal.. no problem
It's just locker room talk.
Everyone's dead....
China's aid for bagyong Lawin!
Yea, it's all a US-India conspiracy to undermine Pakistan!
Always update to the newest firmware so that you stay safe!
Yep, blizzard has never implemented a good idea
Observe the unenlightened plebian!
This is definitely the most rage filled tirade I've seen here.
Yeah, you know I'm not down for rape either but that beat is HOT!
Technology isnt there yet.
A steam roll will definitely improve the show
Scar tissue.
It sucks.
The warning on Q-tips.
No dab == no upvote
If it isn't ryse, dead rising, or rdr it's a bad game.
You mean "snap" like he snaps his finger or like he snaps when his predicted 15 minutes are up and the trial's not over?
Who?
Wow, what candid advice that pertains to the situation, enlightens OP, and provides a great new viewpoint!
No, no, definitely the continuous creation of sadness and pain
Uh huh.. you've solved it... we all got instantly flipped by astroturfing... if only we could all be awake like you.
Well look at Cloud 9, He's doing great
Seriously, how dare they thoughtfully consider all game options?
Cool, glad I googled it before assuming it was something complex.
"I just make myself get over it" Thanks Sharon, I'm suddenly cured
But inflation is down so we have to interest rates low to stimulate growth!
first game rust, now we are going to need scoring off the bench to help the slow start... shump are you listening
So it is a bug and I'm not missing something?
New idea
well it's the intermission?
Oh yeah sure, Spring Bonnie just always had a rotting dead corpse in it.
Ruining other people's business and lives is so fun!
Yes, but then they would have to kill him/her because of "character development"
I heard the progressives are going to redistribute the wealth and we will all be rich!
They actually lost $2B recently, so you know they got to tighten the ol' belts.
Not sure if you dropped your
You forgot the
where do you think some of the donations go
dat soundtrack doe
Would totally risk paralysis for a shot at a ring rat
The car who honked blacks
Its on Foxtel therefore I'm entitled to pirate it for free
Hurry up and get your fucking Columbus license you retard so you can get back on the road and start earning!
His building business failed because of corrupt building unions, so of course he will try.
Trade him!
Classy
The police were always careful to protect Dahmer, even when he was assaulted by that naked bleeding Asian kid.
Just more misogyny being peddled by the patriarchy of course.
Who?
Have you tried... not.. being stuck?
A good soraka/Pantheon/Janna/Garen player can better press her/his pointnclick nobrain skills better than a bad soraka/Pantheon/Janna/Garen player.
I wonder what his position on it is?
How did Clinton put them up to this?
It's festival of the 'lost', not the festival of the 'found'
Yes, black folks are physically unable to say that.
makes you wonder why he left Man United in the first place
lets see Oblina next!
No no, you are the racist for seeing the inference.
Lol, you do realize winning a Stanley Cup in the third round, and losing a Stanley Cup in the fourth round is technically winning the same amount of rounds, right?
Umm...clearly it says Brann Bronzebeard in there.
Well, I'm certainly inclined to heed the demands of people who block the bridge I'm trying to cross.
this is spam I'm flagging you.
At least the tentacle monster bought her a drink.
Unless you're a deaf blind poor non binary womyn who lives in a tent, check yalls privilidoodlengbingbong shitlord
Calling her a criminal is racist
I'm perfectly happy with orange essence and summoner icons!
I mean, it would free up the bridge
I don't want to sound like a dick because that's definitely an in-demand skill set, but that's going to be dreadfully boring.
Yeah because attractive women should be expected to get by on life using only their looks and sex appeal!
Well, aren't you oh so witty?
Wow, nice response, you must be fun to be around
Pune
It is a lot but when you compare it to a 27" Wacom Contiq, which is over $3,000 it's not a bad deal
From decided it would be a good idea to bind kicks to the two buttons you use the most in the game, because that's just how important kicks are.
What an asshole this guy is eh?
You dropped this:
There's actually a whole lot of builds that become viable if you just decide to never get hit again.
Have watched all the episodes, will keep on watching, but I'll strongly stand by the opinion that the episodes are consistently bad.
Goddamn Bernie supporter, eating American symbols and spreading COMMUNISM!
But a hanging Trump effigy is totally cool though.
Money well spent
But my school counselor said gets better!
Just focus on getting a really really sonically perfect kick
But he's taking the kawhai offensive leap this year!
I say just blow it up altogether
Yeah I agree, but that is ignoring how Hollywood actually works
Surely you must be mistaken since clearly these are adorable pictures of Springtap and nothing more.
yeah, so deep, shaking the camera
Too bad, that's not the target audience!
Should have taken Mudiay
Just enter credit card number and you get to arena 10
It's the cost of being right.
You seem like a really nice person.
I only like south park when it agrees with my political opinion
The whole game is filled with "trash mobs" lol The AI is so dumb in this game.
Look at this down to earth judge he sure knows how to make a difference
who cares if you get fake internet points?
You shouldn't type while looking at your junk in the mirror.
Like winning a race or two!
32, 33 next month
Nah man, I played with a Ivern yesterday and he fed, so obviously the champion is garbage
Because zehrs is usually a cheaper option
Because this article is about him running for president.
I think you mean his box seats as he celebrates his 4th term as mayor of Memphis.
He doesn't enjoy blow jobs because all those sluts can't fit his massive dick in their mouth
Who writes a two like that?
Nah pal, the main EE has already been found and was lackluster which must mean no more EEs on the map
I remember when I had my first welds...
Of course it's all moot if they've perfected nano-bot weapons...
Thank you for having empathy and understanding my feelings.
Aaaaaaaaaaand fuck.
Wait for touch like the rest of us
Like Kevin Arnovitz?
MXT is such a beautiful client
Can we get an sj compliant release of the go compiler to only tell us "I don't understand" when our go is not buildable, I'd hate for it to offer any microaggressions towards me and my native programming language.
Yeah, i think there's even some kind of law about that...
Clearly if those white people are holding AR-15's, they do not intend to intimidate, they are simply exercising their 2nd amendment rights.
Glad the police were there to do something
They really need to stop putting these guys in the ring with green, muscle-head workers in front of 200 people.
Because if you don't run into arguably the best teams in the tournament, or in the world in this matter, it means you've had it easy
I think you might be a little biased judging by your flair
You forgot the
Yeah, let's nerf them by giving them 70 extra tickets.
I forgot the
Its cus white people are important
Man, we're so old ^^
And also, nba shorts don't have pockets, so idk what he's talking about ...
Get out of here dad!
that must be why sanders endorsed trump!
this time its gonna happen!
no salt 0/10
Dang deantoni I love the music but you gotta find something else to film besides pretending to play midi controllers and drum machines while people dance interpretively around you.
SICK HER KATYA
Because makeup and VFX had absolutely no hand in those roles whatsoever.
Love seeing those kinds of numbers...
Clean single-ply toilet paper or used single-ply toilet paper?
Dont let your dreams be dreams
You dropped this:
The pixel or the XL?
I PAY MY OWN SUB AND I WANT HIGH RES TEXTURES
You forgot your
or maybe you are just sleep walking
God damn look at that global trade.
somehow, strip pong seems like less fun after nude twister, this guy is totally doing it wrong.
Yes, since it has to do with the kernel itself rather than with Android.
That's the job of the Progressive Unionist Party
Good luck pulling wire through that!
Let's not blame the corporation, let's blame the poor people being exploited.
Don't be so hard on Blizzard even Magic has a reserved list.
And she's a 2 out of 10
That'll be what pushes me over the edge to join hands with the Trumpettes and revolt
ah yes, the appeal to experts once again yes, these experts and engineers are surely infallible
It just dropped and I'm already crying
OH MY GOD COALITION OPOSSING FORCE CONFIRMED they will probably use darker uniforms
Sarco has it in for Lowes
Clearly this insanely rich woman who is regularly on television is only saying this for money or attention.
Thanks bro I doubt anyone figured that out after watching the video
No no, see, it's not that shaming into silence based on things people can't control is the problem, it's just that we're directing it towards the wrong groups
I dare say, it may even be better than Firefly.
Global Democratic Propaganda
Because Jesus gives them a heads on on all the latest tech that's being developed using his all-seeing gaze.
'squadwipe'
Good luck with your new masterfully crafted vessels, Malaysia
You're right it's totally real and we to deny thousands of people the ability to vote to catch the 5 or so people who actually do it.
It's just an honest bug
But then it's not thinner.
Did you see they released one of the songs from the album.
This is r/cyberpunk not r/technonoir
Meh, probably would just be more Russian interference!
Just another sign of female oppression at the head and hands of men.
So basically the only way to get out of Bronze is to play mid.
I mean, I know that there is a pervasive culture of toxic masculinity in most places, but it's still shocking to me that even your male friends would be like that.
Well correct me if I am wrong, and I know a human being at any point in history likes to think they have figured out the best system that is currently the best and will always be the best, but I am pretty sure there probably exists a few more forms of democracy than FPTP &amp; preferential, but I could be wrong and humans have achieved the apex potential of politics.
you forgot the
Sounds like zed needs to get better at last hitting
This proves that the nfl is rigged in favor of the packers
You had Kobe of course you'd think 30+ attempts aren't that many
Yep, read about it in an amazingly crafted Vice article.
At least you're living up to your claims of being a smart ass
Yes, because all indie games will work on a phone
The Fiat Multiplat The Ford Pinto
any of queensadilla's vines are pure comedy gold.
People are not watching to be entertained!
Because.. islam can do no wrong.
Perfect place to be ramming other cars
Driving on all-weather tires is literally shitting in a bucket.
While we're at it let's bring back stoning, hanging, lynching and burning at the stake
sign me up
Disturbing but true
nah bro the distressed look is in
Yeah could never ever ever happen.
So Hillarys supporting trump now?
Yeah, requiring extraordinary evidence for extraordinary claims sure is stupid.
Pro tip use an
Clearly the poll is rigged/fixed.
So you're not down to get hella tight for days?
People don't get the
Looks like we've got a terrorist over here.
Say that your card blew up and get a new one
I would recommend Amy Schumer
its ok bro its just an alpha
Ah yes, much more reasonable
Cause he has a bad attitude...
They probably cheated
Never would have thought I'd get down voted for liking trump on Reddit.
Everyone who doesn't like Hillary is a racist!
I WISH THEY COULD STOP ASSUMING MY GENDER
real nice.
And as DNC chair, it was also her job to go to all 50 states and work with each Secretary of State to personally rig every primary for Hillary.
Horrible attributes to lean on
i would for 2 c3
*moaning sounds~~*
You son of a bitch...
May i have your number
All accurate thumbnails for sensational content is clickbait
You rock that hair, indoors obviously
Social Wingman confirmed!
Well I am sure that 50 cal had irons
very original
Oh, you mean the 'I disagree' button?
How much do you think Roosterteeth paid that community map creator for that?
or second?
ez
To benefit from hackers
But Geno would not have had his "perfect" game....
Well she has a popular porn video
Modi magic!
Good thing he already spent all the emergency funds on defending HB2 and lining his coal-ash pockets.
I got it this week, so yes it's dropping.
get ready for the Kaine Train
Dude...too far.
I'm sure Windows would work perfectly if you installed it on a Chromebook with a custom BIOS.
Hey, I have a shirt with that exact drawing on it!
You dropped this,
I flew a V for a while--great aircraft!
Team holding me back
I still use "same" just as a response to anything.
She didn't INTEND to break the law obv
Where is the bot for boring headlines?
The best Manchurian Candidate ever!
At least they didn't get to his engine this time!
But the polls are tightening!
basically search any topic on google with the word "syllabus"
But but I "accidentally" jumped out ociffer, I swear!
By this logic we should hit all boss monsters that can't be kaiju'd
yeah she didn't deserve to have a gun brandished at her but she did sort of cause it so she kinda deserved it
wow, who would have guessed that
Says right there in the law there must be intent.
My pronouns are they/their/them because I am a person, not a gender!
Funny, he looks like a typical black boy
1,406,369
lmao.
She's honestly a top 3 character in that show
How did you watch that?
Open as in larger in size with less close quarter combat.
What's with all the age posts today?
Sniffle.
I know, im gonna cry bc it means people will try to play hou yi on console again feelsbadman
:) ill probably do it after the next competition, as i plan to add a theorycrafting aspect aswell as a buildmaking one.
Wait which one are we pretending to be again?
Lmfao I don't know what that guy meant, but I love the thought of someone genuinely curious how a rainbow managed to get onto his computer.
New outfit and a glass of champagne!
The truth will persevere
He's also getting downvoted because he posted a shitty meme to r/tennis
If you have an issue with Israel using America like a cheap whore, then you are a goddamn antisemitic bastard!
Why you goddamn antisemitic bastard you!
Why you goddamn antisemitic bastard!
Why you goddamn antisemitic bastard!
This post is goddamn antisemitic!
Why you goddamn antisemitic bastard!
Except it's less like a golden shower
She's a 'power lifter' the same way Michelle is a 'superfan'
It'll be back to Sox flair when the Cubs are out or when the playoffs are over, promise.
When haven't the emails been in the news though?
Pay that man his money.
wee-ooooooo
Why no one in America would give a shit
Damn vaccines
It's a win if Danielle is leading any Twitter polls.
If she were smart and didn't want to lose Neeley, that's what she should do.
If he doesn't hold there Fitz gets the ball out in space
Gronk carrying me with Houston D to an 0-3 start
Former stooge backs up current stooge.
You mean Final Fantasy: Spirits Within isn't one of the best sci-fi films ever made?
They are not being demonised in the media though are they
The impeachable offense would come when he deploys the Navy Seals to eradicate all the officials in the government office because "terrorism"
Well if he isn't gay or foreign it wouldnt be homo or xenophobia, it would be Metathesiophobia, which isn't traditionally associated with bigotry.
Tfw you trying to be a wiseass w/o reading the article....;-;
Linklinklink?
Yeah, that equalizes everything!
i agree with you here, when i was raising bulbasaur it ended up with a crazy moveset that would incapacitate just about any enemy
Is this cause he's black?
Eating grass and bugs causes more colorful yolks than just strict grain.
But I want to watch Ben Leber make eggs with a giant fucking bottle of protein powder on his otherwise clear countertop
Smoke: mouse4 flash: mouse5 molotov: mouse3 he: 4
If that was a big selling point for you then you should cancel, I'd hope they would let you.
Right winders aren't the type to understand historical context.
Hahaha we're being brigaded... CTR must not like this film because it's anti fascist.
Have we started a circlejerk?
The nostalgia!
Not enough times
Does Trump pray?
I wish I could right now
Would this include people responding to the FBI scandal or would that come tomorrow?
Good god, I don't want to kill them.
Your husband tricked you into shaving his foot, but played himself with the unexpected decoration.
there is just something ironic about a person stealing fake clothing from someone
Why do that when you can hand someone like jason 250k?
Fucking idiot
Turning relatively small wealth into a fortune is tough, or else there would be no millionaires, only billionaires.
We will always love you Pop
Hayaahhh
So your kid wanted to dress up as Joffrey?
That view over dalaran!
**Two guns and four mags "Gotta be prepared"
I mean I can understand why you might have a hard time understanding why you won't have a steady and reliable supply of life saving medications in a potential war zone, you did get a 78.
Super Bowl I kinda get, since the commercials are practically half the draw, but it's still ridiculous - 3 hour pre-game, commercials throughout... opening intros... commercials... opening kick off... commercials... every 4 downs...commercials... goddammit.
It's the truck nuts of corporate branding.
Yeah, this is the problem.
Usually, we just tape a bunch of cats together.
Hahaha good one
that actually means the Giants are because this season has taught me we only win as underdogs.
I don't think a rule change matters, hazing almost never gets out
With a purple lightsaber too!
For me BO3 was a t3 game comp wise, I don't find AW enjoyable but I can see why people do Envyus are the best
Well that's a non sequitur.
Astrology is *per se* complete bull shit.
"Where are my testicles, Summer?"
Dwayne Bacon channeling his inner Michael Snaer at Cameron Indoor
tried this one bro and every other single fix there is.
Government is religion, got it.
oh for proper community policing taking a view to solving the problem (longterm not just pushing it away somewhere else) with a variety of community and govt entities... instead of having hire private contractors saying that I live in GE and there are problems, this will ensure some feel safer which is something
Baby accidently kills the girl due to here reflexes and Baby and the others try to escape in a car chase even though Baby doesn't have a actual car.
That's what I said about your mom until I had to go to the urologist.
Who would you be to do so?
I noticed that too, Was soo confused.
A 4 trillion dollar stimulus?
They're black so we have to post comments which look slightly forced or unnatural like "Makes me happy", if these people were white it would be downvoted to shit and they would be getting roasted.
It's a barrel roll
Put us in the AL West because the Central is hard for us.
Nothing brings people closer together like instilling fear that everyone is a Russian spy.
Were tickets expensive to this?
Hmm, I'd have to draw the line at "Directly controlling your avatar".
FUCK
Because those countries are racist white supremacist countries
I think that person was you with your earlier comment?
I do over hand bicep curls just to make my forearms bigger.
Minus the landing that looks fun though
lol okay...
it's 15 and it's once ever 4-5 seconds, you just can't aim
S
That was the right move tho
good way to get a screamin deal on microwaves
wish i had voted No
I would've just called defensive holding it was more obvious lol
VR isn't a fad, but it's still in the stages of being a useful gimmick rather than a widespread platform.
And when you find out they aren't, then what?
I always figured it was because soviet tech isn't exactly designed by OSHA,the sub had inferior shielding around it's core compared to the carrier.Russian subs are known for leaking so much radiation,you could heat a Godzilla sized hotpocket.
Can't think of a better guy to have a game like that as his send off
We can unleash the Kracken at any point.
I think it is time to accept that we are living in an episode of Lost.
What the actual fuck.
It was the evidence the coast guard dug up that put the nail right in the commies coffin!
There are a lot of bad individuals in the MRA group as there are in every, but r/mensrights is definitely one of the better political or controversial subreddits out there.
tough!
In the *not so distant* future...
Everything needs more salt
It's actually the closest thing you have to a sacred duty as an American.
Original DNA Character - Do Not Steal
More freedom More freedom More freedom Wew lads, a tough one!
70k+ is solidly in 'talk to a lawyer' territory.
They moved down the boulevards a bit, and you'd still see them in the 2000s, but by now, they've all gone online as far as I can tell.
No, the seller.
Yeah they hired Kevin, Taco, Ruxin, Pet, and nosdic.
Like the crusades never happened.
2meta2fast
If you buy produce (or any product, really) without checking for damage, you're just begging for this kind of thing.
Then you're a cis-scum, cis-scum.
I heard the neighbors had wmds
I don't know that this is fstlogic, guy says it ain't the neighboring passenger's fault that he's obese and he needs two seats, so he buys two seets
Barbara Streisand
But he's a rich celebrity who rides airplanes so his climate change work means nothing.
When has Trump ever personally said that?
Its just hard for me to believe they will go after CBD oil but not cannabis.
Looks like someone who wouldn't argue if they were wheeled into a hospital for an assisted suicide.
to be fair world of warships ships are much larger and zoom around at like 200 knots (they say 40 or less knots in game but the actual speed relative to the map environment is many times higher) so with much smaller boats and much slower speeds similar sized maps would effectively be much larger also I imagine as in ground and air arcade maps will tiny postage stamp sizes while simulator maps might be huge
Do they check if you can't spell before they let you in the Trump club?
The MSM propaganda machine is at fault for this as these believers sucked in lies and might die as a result.
The Clinton camp lies are multiplying
just got the curse launcher... its the all the mods pack balanced?
Does everyone have fetishes or am I the only human appqrently without?
Well, let's not get too unskewy; we'll see how this result holds up against other Ohio polls and then we'll have a better idea where things stand!
aidscancerebolazika
Same here, enemy team get 4 dva and self destruct together at the same time
That's worth at least 83 lashings.
Better be careful with the flaming end, he already got burned.
Princess isn't any good against mini tank or higher hp units, so if you don't have squishy cards I don't see the problem.
I wonder if she smells like beef jerky
I guess ash kinda counts
Apple is onto you.
POL was right again
Setting up the drill without any skills... (Might make sense in some cases for luring out guards, but specially with thermal drill waste of time)
I wonder about sugary drinks and leaving it unused for while... Nice extra tastes to die for?
but it's *more* processed...
I guarantee it.
It's how you make America great again.
I'm white and I'm pretty sure they're joking...
It all makes sense now, thank you.
He's the fat dungy
Meanwhile here in Seattle we got nothing.
Attentive is incredibly important.
No matter where you fall on the spectrum...I love you.
Damm right!
You will know when it drops.
Now kith
And that would stop terrorism, so that means Palestine is the cause of ISIS?
Don't count on us helping you next time.
The situation is not good, it is awful but there are many who are wishing the country crushed so that they can be proved right.
Pallets of grass FYI
The SUNE will rise again
I'd pay for this.
Aka fascism in yet another form
No last time they should have at least pretend that they are negotiating Constitution changes with "opposition" parties.
it is in BF4 its in the same tab at the top
I'm puking already.
I actually hear gaming braces are the new thing, maybe now UK cs can actually be decent?
Jack shit
You're right I couldn't remeber it right at all lmfaooo
I CAN'T WAIT
Daddy dint stay why should he?
breakout snake.
Yeah I'd say he was extremely world class
Saw it today on domain when looking at places to buy when I win lotto :P
Its a lot more convienent to use than the vive and no sweaty vr face, also it does not need cleaned after each use.
But I'm a borderline sociopath who hates social life and despises people in nightclubs and pubs Those are the places where I get most pickups from, trust me, not worth it.
I can't get over the look on that guys face, I'm pretty sure he's thinking about hate-fucking Trump to death.
Because it's fun, cool, and unique.
You mean America's favourite pastime?
It would be the only way to get an unabashed Jesuit Whore of the bankers as President... Tim Kaine.
Oh yeah, when i say i main her i mean i play her the most, not only her
But how does this give me redditupvotes, specially when I can claim to be female?
But be cautious: in addition to full last broadcast they started to add short video of each match, and their names ("Team X vs team Y") clearly contain spoilers of who proceed further.
We got a badass over here!
Fueling the dark side
Count to 100000000 and write me in your will.
38 weeks is not considered premature, it's well within normal bounds of when labour should occur.
That was an awful lot of video just for you to grill her...
Every gun forum I go on loves New Vegas
Its called business, not that I hate it any less than you, of course.
I don't know if you made that or if it is from rev or something, but this thread is just about bringing people together to help figure out a way to solve MOTD ADFGX.
I know, and that's the worst part.
yeah, becasue if the lava hound was fast in clash royal it wouldn't be a very viable tank if it just speed of as soon as you placed it.
No, it's racial prejudice.
Thanks for helping out buddy!
Post mo sa Gunpla Reklamo para mag circlejerk sila
I mean we only had two five in the original game and now we've got like 10 I'm grateful and also I've heard that if you get gold camo on all the guns you get that green glowing camo
By saying he has none...I believe he has already disclosed all of them.
In famous last words of Ultron, you are UNBEARABLY naive.
Im yet to see one of these 'shamed' pictures come from a man, for some reason its always a woman doing it.
Probably the only minecraft let's player I occasionally watch I wonder if he'll build his new PC
Also, the head is turned backwards if you would unfold it.
Who's the best then...
The other 10% bait beads because of the 90% that use it to combo.
Run...
That makes up for his 180% scaling ability
Ah, the sound of "Not my problem any more".
The 11th elixir should be added back
Nah because the problem I have is because obviously I work a ridiculous amount, unless I stay up till 4/5 AM I get maybe 2 or 3 games of league a week and usually play CC whenever I'm waiting around for a client or in breaks or whatever but due to having little time I don't really have the motivation to learn new games or expand my library because I enjoy League so much I always wanted to play it whenever I get time to game
You can't spell slaughter without laughter
To be honest, it's easier than with your hands up.
Ted cruz zodiac killer confirmed.
Well, it's Unicode support for variables and emojis happen to be included.
Use DRBD for block level replication and rsnapshot for incremental backups.
I'm a simple man
We are losing the meme race, and China is starting to emerge as meme superpower.
He's popular.
Maybe he is secretly a dog and is just trying to identify you
Because they are bad at poker!
Not even just Europe they raised the price everywhere.
Views like this would make me a morning person.
Nice repost btw
Best of luck from Canada!
g
It was and is still 60$ on Steam.
Horrible coincidence, back to the club I go.
What war did Clinton start?
Trump will be surprised
"Francisco"
Co poisoning
Good joke
Maybe you should list your console, server and gamertag
I was playing some niggas mixtape on it battery didnt have any problems.
Smh, he means the boxes the shoes came in originally, not the ones in the picture.
If the episode aired in October 2015, a year and a half is April 2017
I need to know
well, being Scandinavian, we think salt and tomato ketchup are spicy by culture...( if you want to get wild and crazy put half an onion in your tuna noodle hotdish...) but my GF and i have every spice we can find and try... and lots of it.
There is a lot more at stake now.
Yes, it didn't change... But R6 is the only game where I see this thing
WW1 German troops, some sort of super troops although I'm not sure in what way they were super
only when hillary is asked what she's going to do about the economy.
You can go into the creator and place down those weapons in a deathmatch or capture and try them out in the test.
I know have you tagged as "actually 12"
I only have 5 crews but a ton of backup vehicles for each.
There's also KUMM, the only radio station that cums in your ear.
No, he needs to get pneumonia and send an email first to merit any media attention whatsoever.
"Teach women not to lie"
Caitlin looks weird today, did she cut her hair?
wrong
:)
katrina kick you out, too?
One time I turned the house on and a shit ton of earwigs, who had been hanging out on there, all got shot out by the water.
You asked whether he's from Australia, clearly that's racist, you ignorant scumlord.
Depends on how long the maggots take.
This LPT is also applicable to 42 minute dramas and laundry.
DPRK-style deification of the Dear Leader.
3 minutes, hold me i cant contain myself
Yeah because nobody has EVER said "good game" because a game is good before..
Thanks for being a team player.
Like he said, working really hard
Yes, the image circle is smaller than corner to corner distance of 35mm film or sensor.
As a (relative to you) new player, could you explain said loot glitch?
Don't tell me how to live my life!
Doesn't look like it.
Riiiight
Weren't they discovered as kids?
Jesus this sub is like my main paylists... Kinda
That reticule is uncomfortably large
What...?
Thank god I am not the only one.
But The Stanley Parable's baby game
The Crying Game.
it worked
Finding it hard to choose between AJ (start your studs) SSS Edelman Pryor and Baldwin... but it seems White is filling the Edelman role now so I have a hard time starting him going forward
Been sober as a brick for ages (both alcohol and weed).
Downvoted.
Legzzzzz
15-20 minutes
Checked a few hundred times, it was the correct friend cod but it doesnt work
WHAT THE tarnation DID YOU JUST SAY ABOUT ME YOU LITTLE flummery?
Anybody see that guy just casually walk through traffic at 0:21 in the background?
22
Hopefully illegal immigrants will be illegal.
where did you get the helmet ?
And *THIS* Psyonix is why it was a huge fuck-up on your part to leave a non-functioning report system in place for so long.
Lens Flare neutral spell
Patriots got shut out by the Bills
Reminder that Time gave Leigh Alexander inkspace to shit on us from a mainstream magazine.
The best is when you're stuck behind a mom and two kids who can't figure out which of the six billion options available they want.
Or you're just rude
Ever hear of a guy named Gandhi?
This franchise is stupidly loyal sometimes.
At least they're tweeting more.
Haste 2 + eff 5 ftw.
They could probably get it running at full 4K or at least very close to it thanks to it's amazing optimization and the game is just so good so this would be an amazing combo, would definitely play some more even though I have the platinum.
David Carradine and autoerotic asphyxiation comes to mind.
An audit trail does no good if audits are prohibited.
did you just assume its gender?
Aside from morals/ethics why wouldn't they?
Wtf is wrong with you
She is against legalization "in all sense of the word" and said it can't happen because there's "too much money in it."
FUCK RED BULL Football is for you and me, not for fucking industry
As always the real tip is in the comments.
Ibuprofen OR A fresh install of common sense.
Ben "racist is pretty much my identity" Garrison
An inefficient, bad shooting missle
I'm going to go with the nickname 'Bing-ram' because he's searchin for ways to murk you
The argument is that newer armor allows for newer PVM content which is more challenging.
Bad coaching, bad playing.
Ungarn?
We sure that wasn't just a change int he writing room?
I was actually just making a joke because the Nomeinees are Perez, Perez, and McCann
no it's the telesto
Reason 1: don't trust Polygon in the first place.
Passed out drunk on about 2 bottles of morphine.
Yeah, no one understands the rough and tough PowerPoint life of the average nco/o
Dicks out for Winston
because you can shame the mean with ostentatious magnanimity.
Fox should give him an hour to present all of his findings so far.
Eww that's weird.
When did the EC benefit dems so drastically?
As he said, it's up to you on what you feel is right to wear.
yikes!
Yeah, massages and a daughter's envy.. this is politics.
Alan Thicke
Hillary Clinton is the real public health crisis here.
WAKE UP
Just that one guy.
oh ya buddy
Any photo will work?
I'm so glad my office is 99% paperless.
Were you expecting something else?
Hogan all the way
But I imagine it's coded that way because it's easier
Trump won the popular vote if people on welfare weren't allowed to vote, too.
illary
Ghosts is my favorite CoD... you can imagine the downvotes I acquire.
Pretty much every young guy we have seen play so far has showed signs of being a real player, what a great draft class so far!
Agreed.
Think about how far up I could be if I started walking.
Used to be able to use ansel whenever but now hitting alt f2 rarely does anything and I've missed so many awesome shots.
Stupid kids.
Last time he said something like this, he got choked out by Nate.
The one woman Ronda would fight at 145...
This is correct
I don't think so, I don't have much of an understanding of the situation but from what I read about the demo datamine decrypting the data to get access to the game would take a lot longer than the 2-3 weeks left until the games release.
That's so stupid wtf
That sounds like some sort of Chinese proverb..
Go get your own cute adorbs dog and fake upvotes, if you want to advertise sonic.
They could be tied to the server local time as per the mod.
Even if kaathe is actually dead, maybe we go to the past, like in AotA
The message is, "Who stole the stairs?"
The reduction of politics to aesthetics is a pretty salient point.
Well I mean, that's why he asked yo
Non-super class abilities
Pilots are still behind the wheel, so as long as the general public doesn't trust robots, (which let's face it they won't) his job is just going to be a hell of a lot easier.
Anyone can come to this sub?
Working as intended.
no just no
IUPAC says otherwise.
Too many summons probably, try to play solo
Swinging a weightless blade quickly in a chopping motion and injuring an opponent who has barely been training for a week isn't exactly a display of talent or ferocity.
Good.
That's what you get for being the 9th wheel
Yeah it's crazy that you get more game sens when you play more.
W
That's a very nice photo of her.
A lot of those matchups are arguable though, we don't have definite matchup data.
HP Z-series machines are freaking tanks.
Just ask her new consolation beach house lol
But his active "become throne 2" is so powerful!
DORIAN CRAIG!
Please, if I have to sit next to one more filthy VIM user, I'm going to be physically sick.
You look like you started Pokemon as your last ditch effort to meet girls.
Girl I'd date you based on your hilarious memes.
If you haven't seen it yet, I really recommend Leah Remini's new show on it.
You hit it hard enough it will move eventually.
You could say Jormag has kept his cool during all this time.
B-Brave Frontier?
True, but I feel like Noise was more straight hardcore than Beartooth
since when is christmas a synonym for april fools
I'm going to guess there are a lot more people with poor hygiene than whatever condition you have.
Didn't pizzagate people say there was a pedo dungeon in the restaurant basement, but the restaurant doesn't have a basement?
All 10 of them.
Well if the pentagon didn't sell off their excess military hardware to somebody, they couldn't very well order more new hardware and keep the military contractors employed.
kill me now
Depends on the needs, but I'd say Julio.
Painted (Purple), Certified (Guardian) Photons?
*No more pokeballs*
I would imagine being truly immortal would also mean being immune to all illness, including mental illness.
Controversy and shit flinging absolutely lost them this election.
Well once the buildings are destroyed, it will make it easier for Soros to inventory and steal their shit, like he's done before.
Missed frames and also sometimes it's used while the game is loading.
He's just being humorous because actually trying to defend himself would be pointless.
Interesting.
Defensive flying, look up "Messer Smitt" on youtube, that will show you everything.
That makes a disturbing amount of sense.
How so, he wrestled Rollins this week and Neville the week before.
Sure, have an upvote.
Ikr
Or cause nuclear devastation the likes of which we've never seen.
Their own blood.
Well at least they keep to their word.
But still, by modern standards she is not a moderate Republican, which is the only thing I disagreed with you on
I assume the delays and cost overruns didn't help, the whole process just to get these damn things in the air have been ridiculous to watch unfold.
Yes indeed!
I'm talking the story and gameplay, looking back I should've voted the entire FNaF Franchise pack
The name Shaman95naruto is just reinforcing the stereotype I have of the people requesting the potato goddess.
Jokes on you, it took me 18 seconds to load this picture!
LOL
Good read ... Apart from the Cuban guys I never understood why Olympic medalists sometimes don't turn pro ... Learn something new everyday ... Thanks OP
I like all the people trying to ride on the "alt-right" train and politicising this sub.
I dont remember where Bongo said it, but there will be more maps for SRL.
A guardian receive that skin because hirez decided it not the community
Damn them for not making my $2 screwdriver work for 40 years
Connecticut ?
So, kind of like a Super Street Fighter 5?
The confusion comes from a change in the rank system and nothing being said about it on patch day, If I'm wrong please correct me but I dont remember them saying anything about how the ranks changed or how the new elo system works because something did definitely change since I am getting way more points and losing a lot more even at diamond where in previous seasons you only got 5-10 points a game and lost about 30, now you're getting 40-70 and losing 130-140.
And we start to realize how truly under-utilized TLR's power was.
All I'm looking forward to is FFXV
They were vs phoenix.
Well of course they are voting for Jill... who else is going to take a stand and ban Wi-Fi to protect the children.
...right...anyways...I just wanted to point out that this party is...well to quote the Princess Bride "I do not think that word means what you think it means."
whenever people mentioned ramen noodles I always assumed they were talking about cup noodles (though my mom always buys Maruchan brand)
I think he's saying the defense shouldn't have given up the cross crease pass to begin with, not that it shouldn't have gotten by Hank.
With Obama 2012
Hey now, you never know when some thug is going to try kidnapping your kid from under your direct supervision with dozens of other witnesses around...
Why bother develop if the plan is to never release?
Thanks, it just didn't look that manoeuvrable to me.
That is sexy.
Fucking disgusting.
It's mainly in the Gulf Arab mindset, Levantines are more chill
He might not respond, but there are a lot of admins who might- just look in google
Still failed
Quickly guys, it's our last chance to stop it!
As a person with a BMW, I am VERY triggered that there is no BMW wallpaper and I am gathering up my army of other amazing SJWs, your job will be no more in 3 days.
issok I was just trying to defend the US with some things off the top of my head
Just a little crack.
PS4, the perfect hardware choice for a gallery slideshow, where the picture looks amazing but changes only once few seconds.
Because we're here to discuss how brutal the Chinese government was (and maybe, is), not the US government.
[=o=]
Why?
Why include a player who was getting those goals and assists in a different league?
Remember well the words of this house: Always Put Safety 1st.
So Rex is attempting to employ the Russian winter strategy to defeating the Patriots?
You're not wrong tho
I see you're sans a ketchup bottle.
I have a female, I have a necromancer, Eww, r34!
This is why we can't have nice things.
It's never happened to me so you have no proof that this was a regular occurrence.
Preach
It's almost like people look different!
A 4K texture is a texture at 4K resolution, no?
Neck muscles
You don't want to see Trump's ideals crushed so their supporters know that the views are no longer accepted in America?
Aight that makes sense.
I think he's going to grab social security by the pussy, and he's not going to wait for consent.
Teams on back to backs are normally slow to start
What about my cat?
I think the picture quality is giving the cheese a grayish tint, which is why it looks gross.
Morpheus is a Nazi....woh!
You forgot creepier*
Or perhaps the false flag Sandy Hook shooting?
Yeah most likely 50mg no effect
It is just so hard to stack, unless you're in a fast combo scenario you don't get much stacks the removal of the ability to get stacks from ability hits was pretty hard
Codecademy
Honestly, I always thought if you make the choice of being a pilot or a tank driver, you shouldn't be allowed to bail at all.
Bad argument-there's fewer officers than enlisted period.
#firstworldproblems
Yup, I usually go into solo vs ai and farm jungle for 20 minutes to test the build.
So if you ARE **IT** then who's gonna punish you?
Tell him to enjoy Security Forces
ZZ^ZZ^ZZ
Once you start playing games at 60fps, it's impossible to go back.
dude you're just noob i play katarina in diamond 1,5 and i have an hard time doing things she's one of the hardest champ in the game
You sexist you.
i have an infused chest with a health enchant and I think that puts me at 18.4k.
Trinidadian or Tobagonian and proud
So we found Adam's personal account then?
yeah a super magical is like the knight right now all its purposes are being filled by other chests
Fascinating that for virtually all of Europe, the Romans basically invented or codified the notion of an emperor.
nice
I got broads in Chicago, moncada moncada moncada moncada moncada?
What model card was it?
Pretty much
User
13 replies in 2 minutes stating the same thing im sure bjegsen still takes up an import slot
For the lost point, people need to remember that Kylo could've been in very any serious light sabre fights prior to the due, with Rey.
Cruising in the passing lane
Are they the ones with Kevin Durant?
Venezuela where the prices are made up, and the currency doesn't matter.
I've flaired the post so people get the idea.
It helps people to pronounce the umlaut I understand.
Oh hey, better bend ourselves lower to Robell, because clearly we aren't fucked hard enough.
Nah.
Pretty sure it did but i don't have that anymore
I tried 2-3xs every week all through TDB and HoW and never saw a crux but I did get But Not Forgotten last night so I've got that going for me.
Flair?
Go do some ffa
Thanks lol
If he doesn't follow the constitution he's out.
Some people take everything seriously if they don't see the magical
I didn't say a word about the parents.
Sounds like you don't know many hunters.
It's not in any solicits or Hachette catalogues so it won't be out before May if it's happening
Even worse, people may stop playing in fear of their ELO rating dropping
I assumed you didn't I'm just saying the elitist attitude here is annoying.
I guess people really do need to put
also!
You know, if this gets people to donate to Planned Parenthood and NAACP I really couldn't care what name they use.
Northpark always felt like 'old money' to Galleria's 'new money', of course I have 'no money' so what do I know.
tell her it's retarded to get mad at a reddit post.
I honestly think they don't look that bad, probably because of the UB sole.
Pretty sure that this is part of the name of an old Usenet newsgroup.
I have a cat and df's in my buyback for $300
In school
You get them ?
"And the ~~A-hole~~ dumbass of the year parking award goes to......" Fixed
But it really was for research
Actually, it could lead to prostate problems.
Glad it went to a good home lol
"See, but when you try to rhyme, you'll find I'm the finer rhymer, you're behind or, in line to find mine, don't whine or pine, your rhymes might fight to the top one time."
You forgot the
Once you guys invent the forward pass, we will come!
I think pizza is the epitome of cheap college party food.
Sorry, I'm just a tease.
What an inspiring woman lol
I would love to agree with you, but I loved the books first.
Mmmh playing blade vortex I see
Yup.
To expand though I am also searching google
HA
Things that cant be unseen
r/CringeAnarchy
Don't forget infinite warfare.
"U are the super reatard, reader"
You must not be here that often... lol
God Bless Ron Wolf.
UT is mainly developed by the community lol
But Hillary.
She slaughters in low elo
They did a great with camera to make sure it's"OuttaNowhere"
I'm going to guess the major story will be that Baron is not nearly as good at the cyber as Trump claims.
If you look closely she has nude underwear on
This is amazing Kinda wish they would've ended on eclipse though its legit the best finale there is
All I can think of is that someone just spent a lot of money to give the landscapers in the area a whole lot of free manure for just the price of of wheelbarrow and some shovels.
If you don't own bean boots are you really in a fraternity?
If they wont vote for Shillery, they should be removed
1 grenade lasted 25 years?
I just wanted you to know that you can't just say the word "bankruptcy" and expect anything to happen.
Sh you can't say that here lmao.
Absolutely
This is gold!
Where is SSJ5 Raditz
I think this is going to be a masterpiece of a fight
TL DR; Yaya came from the back...
exactly, they are sending the same message a crying child sends
I didn't care to check.
But i'm stupid and can't comprehend things usually so its good to double check.
They are addressing the issue, the community manager responded in your thread smh
It's ok, she's just a woman.
Since the Pro launched this year, it would be bad if a PS5 came out in a few years.
Hubris.
Waveland turnaround usmash kreygasm
USA FLAIR ALERT THERE IS ONLY ONE REAL FOOTBALL AMERICANS ARE ALL STUPID AND KNOW NOTHING ABOUT FOOTBALL
Be carefull, you might cut yourself with an edge that sharp
Yeah I made a post yesterday and within literal seconds you great Centipedes gave it +30 high energy and then suddenly it began shrinking... Sad!
Sadly it won't be in NFL's Free Game Fridays either as the Pats had a lot of games to choose from
Both are fine examples of what new coaches can do when the previous coaches leave behind a solid foundation.
Nice big black play xdxd
Nah man this tweet was found months ago it's old news
Why do creepypms posts get down voted so much on imgur ?
They're Brazilian actually.
They could just be venting...
It depends on the level of nudity.
The best thing I've ever purchased at Walmart is a $4 DVD of Hot Rod.
"Ok Jim, now just pass me the god damn tin opener."
Is this how foreigners "make Canadian jobs"?
Hopefully, he got the new words to O'Canada correct.
At some point they made some jokes.
This is actually informative
That's only because it was a close game, this game was humiliating
You beat HM 5 times in less than an hour?
Crab Legs
what was the stat the other day he gets hit like 11 inches after getting handed the ball?
He's too sp00ped, duh
I thought Scouts were like Luxury Cars....All the good stuff goes to the high end cars (Scouts) and then as the years go by they get put into the lower end ones (Cubs).
Couldn't get past the second sentence.
His normal demeanor is fairly pissy so you're both kind of right.
The novelty of this trend needs to die quicker
It will have to be a global effort, because, as the article indicates, many billioinaires get their billions from global wealth.
Can you say piss test anybody?
Was good until I saw Spidey isnt in it
*Hilldawg.
You're not serious, right?
Shocked
Back to Back World War Champions.
[insert racial slur] go kill yourself
You mean like the USL...
Not at all.
Oh that's lovely.
once the new client is fully out they will remove and stop working with the old one but at that point the client will be running well for every one
I'm a pain in the butt about keeping things tidy, it's really nothing more than wanting to clean things up.
I left Texas in large part because of precisely that.
This would be how supercell gives me legends
low key giant poison user
My trainer is max lol but now of them can stand sparky (except cheddar I assume)
Adams and Hopkins
Hey Brits, you mind going over there and STARTING A FUCKING PROTEST!
Ex6TenZ and Kalidrim look like they were taken straight out of a Darude Sandstorm music video...
Even though I hate that game, that was good.
You genius.
Yeah, rolls right off the tongue
they said its a dr strange tie in so my best guess is that its The Darkhold.
Marco's.
Hopefully the Gropenatator didnt get close enough to her to grab her by the....
Of dysentery?
And that makes Jerry a little in the right?
Can't really compare a different country to the US.
I haven't heard of that, might be true.
She's not a 10 though...
Well, Trump might be a rapist but Hillary knows how to defend one.
Loud hubs gilt you into coasting less and pedaling more.
I know you are but what am I... dat projection.
Grandmas really are for prenonin' noobs.
There are 2 trains red or blue, only red goes to beechview so leaving town red only
r/nocontext
That's a bit hyperbolic.
And Josh Freeman with being a quarterback
You effectively have Haar with tits and a Thunder tome tho
*baste* ***^it***
Pasta creating so many chances
:D
Give him a major, we need it.
I believe there may be recording laws in polling places, so while filming sounds like it'd be a good idea, it might backfire and you might get into legal trouble over it.
He's gotta be close to Gina by now.
Kaep, better matchup, Dak more likely to bust
The honeymoon phase has run out and I am not liking how he tries to do too much.
does it come on suddenly, with a pin prick like itch, that is an emergency itch, that then spreads to adjacent body parts?
oh really well maybe another go at it.
I don't see anything wrong with a "build the wall" chant.
Caius is fashion goals.
Playing CS:GO made me really appreciate League's ranked system.
or you could spam quicksave and never get bit
Scorp takes that easy.
OOC: Because that always ends well.
Maybe he knew something we didn't.
Did you get this at the $1 gif store or something?
...unless that person gets busted.
White immigrants aren't exactly favored right now, sorry to say.
Did you miss the part about "without worrying about punitive taxes"?
But you'd be the only one drinking.
Bless your soul
BTFO - Bitched the fuck out
If he's premium, I hope it's a 1 shard Black Friday sale!
What's up with your caps lock?
"Our team only loses when they don't actually try."
vods suck ass on mobile
random people from those a4a p4p c4c trains.
ehh..nice try but no
Thanks, I guess I was seeking confirmation.
If she was interesting like Jasper I'd like her more.
b/c of that, he is probably the most valuable NA player, besides the fact he's like a top 3 western player right now
Very avant-garde
The thing that Led Zeppelin told us would break.
Just like every other generation.
Thanks, now you ruined it!
The SP2 is running eOS in this post though, and Fedora has one of the best implementations of GNOME 3.
...he took the picture which we are viewing
No you cant lol
Maybe FemRyder used to work for the cable company?
*literally in a shootout* "7140 from 7195, can you 19 to the station for a report that needs to be resubmitted?"
You must be so offended right now
Three feminists, five opinions.
But take out the legacy of Elite, the colour of No Man's Sky and the endpoint of DNF - we don't know if it'll deliver or fail.
sepia filters and rounded edges don't make you older...
40 years of advertising and 30 years of low fat craze?
it's hard for me to reconcile how a guy can so egregiously and blissfully sabotage his professional and personal life with this kind of crap i mean just setting aside the lack of ethics.... some fucking discretion would seem to be in order
benghazi, the emails, it's all hype none of the issues with her rises to OH MY GOD ITS PURE SATAN the way the topics are framed coming out of the hate machine pointed at her hillary's crime is she is boring and uninspiring all the rest is minor bullshit
And what if they're not found guilty?
Prepare to be mind controlled!
Because it isn't my deck!
we put 11 people on the moon
he got a penalty for watching a dive
It was a nice try and any other time I would have confronted you, but this is supposed to be OP's moment.
Haha that's cool, ignore my dumb post then!
Hardpoint counts
Sure
I'm a stress crier, so it happens fairly often.
Nem is supposed to be slick and slim
And the only time you can talk is right after death, which usually is your saltiest time.
Hand-cams won't be 100% effective, but it will be effective for these types of clips.
The Israeli downvote robots are here again
look at this guy... plain nuts
Better be mother fucking DJ Khalid showing me how to Skype for that much.
haha
Zeus*
one 100% or one 100% level 30?
haunt
Because zero Hispanics are US citizens
I mean don't lie that hit on Drouin earlier was clearly interference.
Thank you :D
I don't know why, but the way you draw the leaking blood makes me want to lick it like cake frosting &lt;3 ;)
Like retirement?
Surprise!
TRIGGERED
What kind of blasphemous bullshit is going on with your flair?
Welcome to Moe's
Yeah pretty much.
Should have played off that
My issue with the bicycles is that I had one get destroyed, but it's still taking up a slot in my garages bike rack.
salted caramel is the best
Steve Austin, we need you now more than ever.
Yes, it's based on when you get 10 candies for the pikachu buddy, not necessarily distance.
There's a difference between hunting and having time to line up a shot to vital organs, vs having a momma grizzly hauling ass towards you and having all of 5 seconds to get as many shots on target as possible.
Injuries
Is George now Bernie Sanders?
Phone?
**11/11 OR BUST**
Or the older Need for Speed games...
Oh okay haha sorry I was really confused
I'm starting to lose trust in you now, you sound like a Canadian.
160 meters of Paralysis... Holy moly.
Quick, somebody give the dog a pink PPE kit
You can print a temporary paper one off the ICBC website.
I would MURDER to be with jlo circla maid in manhatten
Using energy attack striker will be faster, silk can survive but really need the help of energy attack striker
Why are you here then?
Lol
To learn who rules over you, find out who you can't criticize
Exactly.
To learn who rules over you, find out who you can't criticize.
Indeed!
Why you goddamn antisemitic bastard!
Its not Braa....its BRAAAAAAAAAAAAA
source?
Same, that baby overclocks to an incredible 75Hz!
Lol nice try at deflecting.
with like 4 or 5 TURNovERs
It won't hurt when they are all back next season.
Might wanna refresh the results, CNN.
Might want to check for a Radical-6 infection.
then we get into "what is delusion?"
Ghost... what?
Too late now.
Says the assat.
Eh, like on a PS4 pro?
Aaaannnd you can't say there is no content on its way, because you don't know that.
Go ahead and kiss her on the mouth.
Not gambling if you're good :)
Fuck, I meant Bayshore.
TNA: Where superstars go to die.
Right at the end of the episode I was thinking I'm glad they didn't go with Julian being Alchemy, he's just an extra foil for Barry to deal with, oh he's hearing the voice, maybe he'll become a meta too...ah, crap!
You sure that was weed you were on?
Lillard looks close enough to be in the 'Clutch King' category, at that point the circles are a bit subjective.
Random and only loosely related, but my dad almost accepted a job as a luthier in the El Cajon factory in the late '80's, I thought that was pretty cool.
What kind of question is that?
Yeah but wouldn't it have been a better climax if the captain said, "We don't know exactly how bad that one ship will fuck things up" then allow the ship to fly off to Earth?
We've been doing our taco Tuesdays with lettuce, and the kids and I love it every bit as much.
I always make broth by putting tomato soup in a pot and heating it up.
He's almost reached his final form with his buddy Compton
Without consent.
There is always one more enemy
It's never over!
That's an automod response unique to u/2_pack.
some of them are also the radio antenna on most modern cars.
Josh's dad is your dad, that's why you both have red hair.
To be fair, watching a hockey game in Chicago snowy hell is fun
Is this trailer super quiet on the left ear for anybody else?
what is the crowd chanting?
I'm sorry people are downvoting you because they don't understand phonetics.
20 years shit will get real
Look deeper
You can watch isIinggunz videos but you probably won't find a good written guide in English.
It's like a condom, but I can call your mom with it.
First unclassy Browns fan I've ever seen
This ITT offends me!
Nice.
Thanks NSA, but we're not that stupid!
HEY HEY YOU YOU, YOU SHOULD GET A NEW ONE!
...your point?
Stressful AF
Calling Hillary dishonest when Trump is her opponent is like calling Dick Dastardly a jerk when Hitler's standing right next to him.
But first shoot the man, before throwing him out of the plane.
Global warming
Nah, ending on a probable uncalled foul is kinda shitty, but great game overall.
Hoping for the best
I'd be reaching for a gallon of Colgate Savacol and on my knees praying to jeebus!
R
Why not?They did one of Supernatural.
This may be kind of obvious, but "May I see your breasts please?"
Wood yew just stop with the puns.
I used to say that 10 was being "actively on fire" but now I work in a burn unit and can't.
Oh
TRUE
It doesn't matter, you guys will choke against whomever you do play anyway.
Best one because it's 100% true for 100% of people and is also pretty depressing
Username checks out
Thank you
r u 11
Bruh but alcohol isn't a drug, it's a drink
Telling people to shut up is a very effective strategy is getting people to vote for your candidate
I think they threw it all in the garbage and a lot of orders were rejected
thanks man, gonna need all the luck if i go self published
you look super cuddly, man!
Well, fat floats
HE'S LITERALLY A MAN TRYING TO GIVE BACK TO THE COUNTRY THAT MADE HIM GREAT AND THAT HE LOVES
I can put my finger in her- I mean on her.
This year.
Hm, oh well ill just keep eating everything!
Yup, that sounds like a very British level of self-awareness.
I'm not understanding what's wrong with it?
make 30 days of hell for others *I need to be remembered in history*
Link?
It's processor is a 6051.
Should I feel guilty for doing it to them
You guys are trying to silence his opinion by downvoting and somehow hes the only bad guy..
And if you make make the perfect balance then most people won't have a problem.
You can set a DST world as "local only" then only you can join.
Sexy Trump?
Phenylpiracetam,modafinil,tianeptine
you should try to make ed8
Fair point, though Zach does go further than just dislike by calling Trump mentally challenged.
Imports have to come from somewhere and it's not all KR so I doubt EU would be the same...
apEX and kenny not on same team LUL shox abandoning his GF SmithZz LUL
he has more influence on H2K than Caps does on LCS
how big is a chunk?
Pop taught him well
While this design is cool and would be great in the right thing, it doesn't look capable of constructing the ships in Arrival.
20 minutes easy win, got potential if more roads were added and some more options for towers :)
Sounds like a thrilling experience.
Perfectly embodies the last tragic 15 years
Water temple is by far the best.
An EU Army would not just belong to france and germany.
I wish she'd come here and discuss the feeds with us.
I may have misspoke a bit there, I meant is there any other sources showing anything similar to this?
That de-escalated quickly
Kuntzman *KEK*
This is deplorable
Yeah, they'd probably have a hard time with that one.
Allow me to summarize this comment: 'I don't like Trump, and I hope I can make you agree with me by using a lot of bad words to describe him without offering any kind of substantive argument'.
No, it's "boner"
I vote to swap shock and anger but otherwise, good shit.
Must be payback for Lockheed-Martin reading through Yakovlev PDFs when they made the F-35B based on the Yak-141.
I sill start my own as well
Yup, that's the kind of title that makes people sympathetic to your position
If somebody wrote Vader fan fiction where he didn't die in episode 6 and started dressing in a hello kitty outfit, is it the same?
Yoi cross the line and start using g your military position to support other religious nuts when the military made it clear they crossed the line, you deserve the boot.
You really can't imagine that different developers work on different things, don't you?
Sure, just don't go thinking it's 4 days a week.
True, that's the reason the quote was being mocked
Only a proposal from BCC but the State Govt is refusing at the moment.
Well that's your circle
Why is that so?
Jayblac shake my hand lil nigga
Yeah, but the pennies were used to fund the guy that was then burnt in public, were they not?
SHHHHH
Try cm you'll love it, use Kitkat rom if you want stability and speed
I just remember her toe-thumbs
The head and feet look too different for that to be the case
I will be downvoted for saying this but I believe that Maharashtra has most corrupt sarkari people.
He wears it.
Or if he runs it like he has ran his campaign.
Flawless flag bellied models look like this too
I think so, he'll be able to refresh that Baretta/bomber to do their damage while also resetting am enemies atb, he seems like a solid choice in toah
are you getting choke in a pug/mm or during valve/ ffa dm?
Ah, okay then
Makes sense since there's no written record about the existence of gay people prior to the rise of the Soviet Union.
since you can just get 400 gold per day from playing friends, go for it
That's the thing, it's just coughing they could argue, we're already overreacting about it so it might be working
I just want to delete where I spelled thanks for ____ when a gifted me a thing, from "thaks fr _____"
Wait you really think any dark side user has a chance against supes?
Use ad-block and you cannot read the article... Any other way to read it?
*Remember kids, if you believe in the heart of the cards and are rank 19, all decks are viable : )*
Good lord, you can't really be that dense can you?
Interesting, Observation from afar certainly seems like an inaccurate method analysis, compared to your apparent confidence.
That's great :D pm the pker thanks
Stupid comment.
I wouldn't mind, but that's more time spent on development and I don't know how I feel about more time between patch cycles.
Have they considered killing all the poor?
#HERBULLIES #HILLBULLIES #SOCIALJUSTICEBULLIES #SOCIALJUSTICETERROR
Yes.
Wymynnequins Or kins?
Glad you realise it's indefensible.
They weren't meant to be accessed by multiple people at once.
Ahaha; The tweeter is being torn a new asshole.
Congratulations?
I'd say that refusing to go to Intel briefings is actively harming us interests
Says in the article that there's no soaring through the sky, and that was only in OR/AS.
Speak for yourself until you have a better understanding of the diversity of thought in America.
I believe Nyko
I'm just gonna say fuck it and trade Bell for a kicker if that doesn't get rejected too haha.
I actually know someone with SLI 480s
It is *said* in Canada, under the influence of English (first English natives thay didn't know any better calqued their "good morning" idiom, then French natives started saying it too), but every Canadian dictionary condemns its use as an anglicism.
You don't need that much to study.
You mean marzipan?
Why are there no comparison pictures to show off how small it is when it is literally an article trying to show off how small it is?
sleestacks...
What's a sex belt?
Short-term gains started to look like really the only sensible move?
I'd argue Islamophobic people irrationally fear that most Muslims are terrorists, and specifically to the US, that most terrorism is by Muslims.
Police show thread?
Giving this man money now is like investing in blockbuster in 2009
Tbh both sides are butthurt about something usually.
BibleThump Dendi &amp; Puppey BibleThump
Don't tell that to Paul Ryan.
How about (just hear me out on this) we stand back, and investigate the CF for the next 5-10 years, instead, while letting them continue business as usual?
Being near dying creeps
They have said next week (fingers crossed)
Theres a mega thread about unboxings, post it there.
This that "Chris Chan" thing?
They were likely unconscious by then, but there is no way of knowing.
I know
I don't why
Ratings and critical reception disagree with you as far as seasons 1 and 2 go.
It's certainly dead within the Republican party, but there may still be interest in actual conservatism with independents and moderate Republicans.
Saw that cuming
Love this gif
Nationalism isn't exactly welcome in europe
Or we could just have a hard Brexit.
You must not play dynasty
Anyone suggesting her is just trying to promote the democrats 3rd string personalities.
I am comfy in my basket of deplorables enjoying daddy's late nite shitposts.
Well Billy boy bombed a country to distract from a blow job.
It's 21 to buy, but IIRC in some states you can get a carry permit at 18 and legally have a handgun gifted to you.
Oh, yeah, Trump signs everywhere here in Seattle.
China controls Pakistan too
Ah, another fan of the bubble sort method, I see.
~one of these thigs, is not like the others.
STOP SOUNDING LIKE A WOMAN AND SOUND LIKE A MAN HILLARY!
Hopefully more like the party of more people voted for anyone other than Trump.
You guys have only played 2 games at Kyle Field since you joined the SEC?
I waited 10 years for this.... worth
:(
Lived here for 19 years and have never heard that once.
People say that igthft is declining, and I think posting cute vids here really nails it.
This is a really great example
Can someone remove the words 'COMING SOON'?
Smoke some weed.
What don't you like about them?
Watching the Hotel Scene for the first time was incredible.
Toby Fox knows his leitmotifs, and it's what makes the soundtrack *so damn good*.
When you call someone HITLER you've lost.
I dunno, our (US) national debt tells me otherwise.
Backtraced it
*cough* caravan *cough*
Is this what McCarthy tried to warn us of?
How could a Hillary supporter read this and think this is alright, it must get exhausting constantly lying to yourself into thinking that Hillary is a legit candidate.
No, sir, ONLY the Romo may be criticized here.
So, facts?
Somehow everyone who interacts with him seems to forget that Trump is expert at telling everyone what they want to hear.
Maybe he was talking shit and manually did that just to get under your skin, which he seems to have done.
Was it this thread?
Wouldn't that be sedition?
Please visit any local bank or Post office, present those cash, your passport and you will get the cash.
long term meme investment is the way forward
Hell yes I would.
The author makes some very interesting points.
Or allow everything since it seems to be hijab vs headbands, hats, sweatshirts, etc.
:-)
Would it be possible to glitch the fenders off like you can the spoiler or various body mods on other cars?
My biggest regret is spending 25 extra years in a crazy emotionally-abusive religion because I lacked the assertiveness to walk away.
She knew he would too, and had a prepared response memorized...
Back in ye olden days!
Don't forget about Revolution Messaging, comrade.
Where's the cat?
True but imho its more fun to make it an active counter for the survivor instead of a passive thing the survivor will never even notice
oh yeah 1 def can do zulrah lol youtube it for guides :D GWD is a thing, I often train range at wildy gwd on aviansies for the noted addy bars
Did it 2 days ago to test it, was fun :D
It also doesn't have Kanai's Cube, Mystic or any level 70 items - which happens to cover most of the currently existing class sets.
Adventure mode and seasons (cosmetic unlocks, extra stash tab if you progress far enough).
He would be right if his milk hand had a lit Basic Menthol in it.
If you have any questions regarding this policy change please feel free to keep them to yourself.
This pic might stay relevant for a while.
Well last time he had no army of fools....
i listen to the silence of my UltraX :D
I'd like to see the numbers from the holidays check stop programs compared to the summer long weekend check stops.
I was really, really impressed.
I bought the digital deluxe because I had the credit on Xbox and I always get the CoD's but CoD4 just sold me automatically.
A stylized rendition with a better script and prettier actors.
Hamilton had bad luck in those years as well, don't you remember?
ya that would help it would help a lot youre really helpful u know
If racketeering is proven, who will file criminal charges?
One of the more interesting pictures I've seen is when my tiny 5 foot mother was 9 months pregnant with my brother and I. She carried us to full term :o
This is the joke
That and the other guy is off cavorting with the gays - Obviously unfit for leadership
I'm sure it'll be fine, i imagine most of them aren't unusable they just have bad ones than most manufacturers
I imagine that Canada's reaction to this is something like "thanks but no thanks".
But it's one turn earlier
don't worry graphics are downgraded that's a PC exclusive
Pokemon doesn't joke about fried dough balls my good man.
I guess my idea of what a typo is differs from yours ol
Pockets on women's jeans are for aesthetics as much or more than function, and fake pockets allow for a closer fit (no multiple layers of fabric) while still having the lines.
Maybe 'Dead Leaves On The Dirty Ground'?
We won't be hearing from Fox on how much it will cost the Tax Payers for Donald to be a commuter to the White House.
I was specifically noting the financial community in this nation is not well regarded.
There really should be a "how do I re-watch the race" megathread for each weekend.
That is the kind of compromise that will make society 2.0 best society!
America is already a joke thanks to Obama's lack of spine.
Hmm probably but not sure.
"There is no truth, only voices and narratives".
It's not a valid argument, but any logical discussion on the internet is pointless anyway, so might as well have some fun.
The alien panda.
Or even just let them pick themselves, that could be fun.
Hey I found another one
make africa great atlast?
No, since it's not in the autoshow.
C:\Program Files\WindowsApps\Microsoft.OpusPG_0.1.7.2_x64__8wekyb3d8bbwe
I don't think Han Solo is going to be doing any more escaping...
Please tell me this is
double posts too !
A prostate exam will always be better than prostate cancer!
del rio won the 40
Plenty of old people ain't rich
Also talking on your phone isn't illegal in every state.
Watching Haruhi right now, I'm going to wait till the rewatch to discuss it fully, but God fucking damn it, I'm hating Haruhi more and more and more...
HAHAHAHAHAHAAAH!
This song slaps so hard.
are you certain you shot all 6 stones with a paped gun, did you get the sound when you shoot them?
That's what she said.
Soooo, not very legit then?
What'd you do?
dry arm
Tootoo isn't a bad player either.
You must be fun at parties.
"im not racist at all but " ;p
More like $5-600 after you factor in the stock.
African American Buffalo
Who said anything about a video?
Raining spiders.
The case has no drive bays visible
REAL MEN USE CAPSLOCK ANYWAYS, THE MOBILE USERS CAN ALWAYS SEE THE TRUTH
If only a bird had landed on Hillary's podium... I'm sure they would have turned out.
C too thanks
He's a boob.
Can I call in to a podcast?
I mean this is a fine price, and I ordered two of these from external sources (Jet and Amazon) and getting em tomorrow waiting to see how temps fare, otherwise solid price for RX 470s!
And the factory workers are still unemployed
Jeeps weren't designed and manufactured for the specific purpose of killing people
Don't think that would make his day any better.
What?
That's gonna be fun with the flame troopers
Fuck You Frank!
Any interest in Orange Falcos?
You're not alone
What else are you gonna do in your bedroom?
Not a Adult, but what is wrong with marriage, kids, and a mortgage?
I think everyone's pretty much given up at this point.
I'd love to!
Them transcripts.
Private sales.
Wait ..
Ancient Watcher + Purify
Fetch me a block.
I guess it's cause of this service to the Russians that Belfast was allowed to have HE?
So, wait, you'll concede that it's not just targeting one candidate (if it is talking specifically about the candidates)?
It was sarcasm
the look on his face halfway through the second at the 2:44 point (right in between 2:44 and 2:45) totally did it for me, that short, sweet moment of "What have I done?!"
Yeah it's designed in a way that works about as great as can be for an FPS.
wait for it... dolph lundgren will have a hot daughter or smth.
I wonder if he'll get 45 years like that non-cop who was recently convicted of killing a police dog?
Let's throw the judge in solitary confinement for 25 years and see if he thinks it feels like justice when we let him go
Jokes aside, would 2,500 year old cannabis even get you high?
But every frame that Mario is on screen is replaced with the entire godfather trilogy
They've also been doing smaller events, where the place literally does not fit this many people.
They're exciting, Dan!
TFW the boss brings in pizza for lunch
That's what I said.
Probably Pierce is much richer.
Is your boyfriend single?
That might just be my breaking point
Can you link what bulbs you bought?
how do you know they will never watch it?
Yeah I'm starting to seriously question his decision making.
ecks dee lol
She's Evil, so she probably likes vegetables.
maybe syrian as well
Par albi ca spuma laptelui.
It's cleaner than most Econofitnesses I've been to, that's for sure.
Yup.
Their fault for being boys because that makes them patriarchy supporters
My cat prefers the toilet.
considering that using their software requires a degree of black magic I would not be surprised if using the product on a device that isn't a pc would void the warranty.
"Any cookie you like" the wiggles cover song
Oh, Yay!
RNG, don't be superstitious.
Hillary will be ready for him.
Not to mention all the wars fought on behalf of Big Olive Oil
People say cats are douchebags.. With owners like this, no wonder..
i'd say trump is equally unlikely to do anything about it.
Orange lightnings for pink lightnings.
Steak au Poivre Gratin potatoes Haricot verts with shallot and dill
Thanks I'll check em out too!
President of the United States Ken Bone
I got the one I used for this photo for $85 refurbished straight from Canon.
If you only have one waypoint, you now have to set the mode to one way.
I came here solely to find that comment, upvote it, and leave.
If you guys seriously think the CTR gets money for downvotes, you have been writing some big checks today.
That's just for special scholarships and admission privileges.
Actually antisocial or the thing most people call antisocial (asocial)?
Fedez
I bet this decoration holds a lot of memories for you.
It's way less likely to be the case when it isn't even linked tbf.
The internet never does that
That's why anytime more than one person uses any demo knight shield, either of the boonies, the gunboats, the BASE Jumper, or wears the canteen, spellbook, duck journal or burnt diary the game crashes!
NO!
"She Looks So Perfect" by Five Seconds of Summer
\o/
Yet he bought the XL?
Oooh, a Nerf-Demogorgon!
Socialism always seems to rise after liberals lose and become radicalised by the far left.
He clearly isn't trying hard enough if he can't get an electric wheelchair up the stairs
One updrink = one rape
potato, potahtoh po-ticket, po-dead
Shoulda used the vmp/hvk one
Sick criticisms.
what is dead my... get a phoenix not down latter
That was an excellent catch
I honestly think about this way too often...
oh well thank you for your professional opinion, doctor.
Lovecraft could write some very purple prose when he got in the mood.
didnt know it happened on the cross bar too lol
Seems like the Philippines may need some freedom.
what the fuck are those recommended requirements?
I can't be more glad that I got my GPU today
Oh I am not denying their importance only asking if requiring one is a form of indirect payment.
Then the whole world will become hostile.
**BASED KURT** Give that man a Pulitzer!
I didn't think Wheezer was at knot fest
You got any of that proof of intent on your claim that Comey is trying to influence the election?
All you needed was Dragonball Z
Whats his Reddit username?
Tell them you love Clinton and Democrats.
Not homoerotic at all.
if you haven't got it by now, you never will.
Where's the spreading madness warlock for maximum rng
CMON YOU GUYYYYYYYYSSSSSSS
I think you get the spell after you get some weed, rob a gunstore and kill Hitler.
I thought the exact same thing
that
be rite there bby ill save u
Thanks, Howbama.
There's no drag in space, so your ship would just coast at a relatively fixed speed, to move faster you fire a rear facing thruster, to move slower you fire a forward facing thruster, you know?
Well, Colossus was resurrected, so that messes up statistics.
I believe they will win or at least put up a fight if they just don't take these random fights that they so often do when they are behind and just be more willing to farm it out.
Where the hell does this plug into a Commodore 64?
Honestly do you not get that I was joking?
Awesome!
I'd rather stay in Europe thanks, an ocean is better than an unprotected border.
Like even just the way the kid is framed in some shots is done well.
I'd rather finish strong and send the Ted out in style than get a higher pick
They'll build a fucking wall for sure
GOD.
that first one ew
Baby is quite the overprotective mom
EXPOSED
Bballref has him at 12
Yo that one cover page after the war though lol
*what it was often called.
It's exactly right in a solid 80% of guys I know lol.
The tunnel is sort of real, but it only goes 1 km of the way.
"Out from under the white sheet" doesn't have the same ring as "out of the closet."
We can only hope.
By the year 2046, he will be very old for this shit.
EU is 0-6 against NA between MSI and worlds..... EU is really unbearable at this time of day where they throw logic out the window.
Yeah then you have access to super porn.
^^^^^go_ravens
\#SoEdgyItHurts
Let that be a life lesson.
is that the czech way on saying "go fuckyourself"
/*begins hastily typing up and sending "proof" to take screenshot of from his gmail to his yahoo*/
Other suggestions are Cowboy Bebop and Fullmetal Alchemist Brotherhood
I know your fetish now, OP
No worries man, you'll learn to hate the new lakers soon too!
There was work the next day.
Easy mistake to make, don't be too hard on yourself ;)
It would also massively break the game if it's not ready.
Unlike Sanders she had experience, actual plans and importantly support from the voters seeing as she destroyed him.
No it isnt...
This is why consoles suck
Most Americans don't know anything about the mess that the Phillipines has with Muslim terrorists on those islands.
Nah.
(Whoever is downvoting me, go fuck yourself) Then, i'm a shit A shit with no credit card
I keep looking over my shoulder expecting Andy Reid to murder some drywall...
Well they shouldn't have ruined America then, should they?
Rekt.
Suuuuuure you counted all that sheep with those jpeg pixels in the way.
Cards Against Humanity
I hope they do
I wonder if Preibus has a big ass ulcer keeping him up at night?
Anyone?
I don't know but my newest favorite meme is "AND THEN ACTUALLY GANK TOP LANE"
She seems to have about 10 inner selves.
You might as well ban cars then in case a traffic warden gets a nasty cough from exhaust fumes, because that's all they could get.
But it's just that... an anecdote about a TOTALLY different company.
Fix that mistake!
And the plane crashes directly into you.
Davy Crockett and the rest of those guys in the Alamo are a bunch of pussies.
OH PRAISE KUDUKU ONLY TRUE GOD AND SAVIOUR OF 6Ls
Oh?
In this hypothetical fight, totally irrelevant.
I love u 2
Ah okay, that makes sense.
It's so disgusting how society easily accepted fucking dogs.
Makes me feel bad for the guy
You haven't seen Zoolander 2, therefore I don't believe you have an accurate opinion of the best movie of the year
Really these leaked emails make Hillary look compassionate and kind!
And if you report a pothole in Canada, they laugh and then tell you "winter is coming".
R330 indeed!
The militant arm of the labour party, it would seem (with a party leader who most probably voted leave at the ballot box)
3 boobs would be interesting...
Still feel that way about the Steelers now?
He sure did... for a whole two hours it took for the President of Mexico to call him out on his lies.
"For little blue people" As a quadsexual smurf I find this offensive
I've been had!
I swear if this ends up being like when the NCAA football account tweeted a heartbeat
How so?
In what way is it better?
I would switch to my kaiju trains or fabled quasar I suppose
Who eats 2 Starburst?
Can someone please explain why this is sexist?
XD I hope it succeeds man
Jesus tap dancing Christmas
but naturally, any talk of hillary supporters trying to steal the election is just conspiracy theory fodder.
i wonder why this is getting downvoted so heavily yet the sub circlejerked so hard about the npd numbers.
what the fuck is wrong with his hands?
I like it because it's like, damn... I was speechless too and was still hoping it wasn't a goaltend
So if these guys made it we can confirm it doesn't talk to women?
This is the correct answer.
Subjugation of morality to another entity fosters evil behavior whether it's the state or a religion.
Meanwhile, sHillary's still on the loose.
The technology just isn't there yet.
If no one looks it up, it's true right?
hahahahaha
Source?
I wanted to see Dante go, but Beatrice at 1 is just as fair if not more so.
Not saying this is what I believe but some Panspermia theorists think we're (though not all of them) the "self-replicating" probes
So therefore why don't we just rise up now (in the metaphorical sense, not literally) before the UBI is instituted and before any sort of "murderbots" (like people seem to like postulating that the rich might invent/have invented to combat such a revolt, unless of course "the rich are always 20 years ahead of what they tell us is possible") get invented
You agree that gender should not be on a birth certificate then?
I think it was longer than that.
Distraction and diversion from the real problems: Russian interfernce and collusion, his horror show of cabinet picks, his business ties to everyone and everything and other bad shit.
Other than his policy of jailing political opponents, not too much.
This is your strongest opinion?
Between the latter and the former, they mean the former.
At this point I think the game's remaining community is so small that simply saying what color of BDU they wear would give them away.
I feel that would hurt the animal more than kill it.
Was his name Andrew Carrel?
Also guns.
Says the guy with a loki flair
Nice rayquaza
HGH
True that, with Christmas around the corner isn't it time to start singing "Silent night, kristallnacht"
They never stated the order, he could have got in the noose, cut his wrists, and then kicked the chair.
TAKE THAT SHIT BACK
3 losses in a row pisses me off because it means I have to stop playing.
LETS FUCKING GO MIKE I POPPED OFF SO HARD IM SWEATING OH MY GOD
Pure coincidence
I just google-imaged "lush bubble bar" and I'm 99% sure those are all crappy sugar cookies or dried-out playdough.
Even then, what you mentioned is still fucking cool and a nice tip
see, lesbians are attracted to females, and female means "a person who wears makeup and heels."
Didn't Hillary protect a child rapist as well as threaten or at least make fun of rape victums as well?
You're wicked smaht
Lethal teefs
plot twist: the new half-human half-omnic rebellious "doomfist" is actually just sombra's bot
But it did go off the air...
We don't need CNN pieces muddying up the front page...people may miss the new Mother Jones article.
This is a good idea because as you can see, Wisconsin was important and Paul Ryan and Reince Wormtongue are from there.
Money
Seems like a reasonable gentleman.
I'm inexplicably angry because a hypocritical T_D shit poster is not banned instantly from here unlike your laughable excuse for a campaign subreddit.
Get this man a bottle of vodka!
Boxers so your balls can hang low
Those Damn repubs that expect citizens to follow the law and follow their moral compass.
The hero we need but not the one we deserve.
Did you say "no, I'm natty"?
I know *exactly* what to do with my hands.
Hopefully not.
Personally I love thunderstorms and overcast skies, not too hot, not too cold
Not to mention 99% of incest porn is not actual incest, but normal porn with lines like "Gross, you're my brother."
I got some lime lowriders, 2k?
At about 8 years old I was called a "Hoodlum" for cycling on a pavement next to a main road, still have flashbacks whenever I switch from road to pavement or vice versa.
The game was over until he did that.
I beat it on the Nintendo Wii using the Wii Remote and Nunchuck
Ah ok.
Eh, its a good guess since a ton of people bought into Drake decks because it wasnt banned w/ Kaladesh
If I was holding out I'd hire a DL/LB positional coach to put me through those types of drills while shit gets worked out.
Unrealistic photo, you're getting above 30fps
About time
Other than the processor, your PC is better.
*Hyperbole
Yeah, it seemed to be just the very very basic stuff (I got what was basically the same thing when I fist booted up my new Mac a few months ago, but for El Capitan instead of Sierra)
I'll try to remember to provide more details about another family's disabled child the next time I ask a clothing question.
Whew I'm a 40+ genXer and I'm voting for Stein so I guess I don't fit in that characterization....
The wretched eye is a Titan class item
Now the parents must perform a double suicide to stage the attack from Voldemort to complete the fantasy.
Probably the same students that drive Lamborghinis and Aston Martins to econ 101.
You can also buy 360 games with credit on a 360, so there are a few things the 360 does better.
moon cause when you walk into a door you'll get a spook because of the astronaut In all seriousness motd the atmosphere and when we loaded up the map for the first time everything was just so unfamiliar and strange
It was bugged until weekly reset last week, meaning any progress before was not saved.
Can we just get an unbiased medical report for both major candidates and be done with it?
I'm also a simple man, but when I see any picture of a spider, I downvote.
Do dat shit shawdy.Ima post mine up in here to playa.
d-dwarf-kun~
....Cyborg Ninja.
check today
Wow, I'm the biggest dumb fuck.
I'm surprised more rich celebs don't just pay a surrogate to preserve their bodies
Dammit it Ubisoft!
I think he means the Blue Man Group.
Dak's legs also add a facet to the game that those other 3 dicksmack qbs noted above couldn't provide.
Jar Jar?
I have never had that or the mcrib actually.
Maybe that's who Rudy Giuliani hired...
Maybe she's hank hill kin.
SD cards are a necessity if if you're into custom roms.
I would forget if I gave it a mist and end up filling it with water.
YOU'RE INVITED TO THE PANTS PARTY
I have never wanted anything more.
Because CTR are desperate.
D:E:F#:C# What is u/TheNitromeFan 's timezone?
Maybe.... its Maybelline
I thought it was kendrick Lamar related until I checked the comments.
they can if their not baseball fans
Funny, my msi 1070 did the same thing in rainbow six.
Parents should directly pay transportation costs
Won't be surprised if he skips it.
Cops going for the real criminals
Another bad apple that tarnishes an otherwise respectable profession
Fucking kidding me... Get well soon Brice.
My MIL loves that redstatewatch or whatever.
Meanwhile his nephew can't figure out how to turn right.
thanks !
dead
I'm on mobile but my best guess would be looking at the start and end of season 2.
Skins have too many red zone issues for Cousins to win.
She's only mad cause he rated her a 1.
Funny I see more Bentlys than Aston Martins where I live.
DO YOU WANNA FIGHT?
And xing tian Hasn't been updated in ages I assume
This isn't even my original idea so feel free :)
Sasuke like boys confirmed.
I thought the teams or reporters were beginning to make it a meme like longsnapper contracts here.
Cali needs this badly, its places like LA, San Diego, San Fran, and some other shitholes that take all 55 electoral votes while the rest of the fucking state is like 60-75% red.
Daaaamn, Dezmond!
As the long winter nights draw in, that's something to look forward to.
Maybe they need better cleaning crews in the stations.
poor thing is trying to escape
This was different in the original post
Can't forget the slapping "splork" sound.
we can cause them a lot of more troubles so no i'm not really concerned...we have a better position now to deal with it.
By not choosing trump the Dems get super majority in 2018
As far as I know, no.
He was with Lustboy
I ALWAYS KNEW 2016-2017 WOUOD BE THE KINGS YEAR
Stop trying, yes borders are cool and shit but when compared to skins no one gives a fuck about them.
Clearly playing OM idiot.
Is that you, James?
As someone who has played vs both, both are absolute beasts.
Never ever sober, need drugs for my composure
Funnily enough, I find driving / piloting in GTA V to be way more precise and controllable with a mouse and keyboard; less so on the driving part but it is really nice to be able to do a drive-by with a mouse.
Keep waiting...
RWB 964 and R32 pls
Buying gf 10k
Hes never fully covered his scars; the cap just became part of his image.
this seems cool.noob Q, How would I use it on my ubuntu vps?
:'(
I feel like he always makes them when they matter, he always takes them.
what
Do the required section work then fill outs on remaining sections.
I admit it, it gave me a chuckle.
It comes with a free Xbox One S with Fifa 17.
Just get Mess and Ronaldo.
She's a beauty, Clark
Stand tall for turtle crawl!
That same hand does also operate the main brake though...
Not a favourite but the piano solo at the start of Great Gig in the Sky is quite nice
By that argument, A&amp;M scored on Alabama, LSU didn't A&amp;M had a lead on Bama in the second half, LSU never led at any point in the game LSU has 3 losses, A&amp;M has 2 losses
Yeah can't wait for Australian workers and businesses to be out of work so an American company can make more money!
iOS 10 makes sense that it was released in 2016...
I think you underestimate just how much a lot of Republicans hate Hillary Clinton.
well im pretty sure im not alone in that opinion, mogambo
*here comes the part where those photos you've requested never show up*
I feel like being a hipster and complaining about harambe memes is a bigger thing than the actual jokes now.
You're moving too fast.
the most you can collect on is 10. you can place pokemon in more but you only get to collect for 10 per 21hours.
Wilson is growing on me like crazy if im honest
oh, you are one of those judgmental ones well, it happens
Thanks
Did you just assume his gender?
Who downvotes a missing person alert?
There is a program on public television called 'To the Contrary ' which is an all-female socio-political discussion that is more balanced than 'The View ' and even they recognize when they are going off the rails at times.
His micro-managing is the hallmark of his failures as a president.
Because the warts make your dick look bigger.
this is big.
*magic's in the aiiiir*
Is the ACLU ready to fight?
It's the cavalry class, they're basically another elite class.
You can't find games of ffa though even during the weekend
[Meta] Using apostrophes improperly would be pretty high on the list.
100+ fps on 1080p on high-max settings is "struggling"?
"I'm ok with this Irving pick"
That's a bad rule.
Ahh yes the multiple day cricket matches... riviting!
Hard to tell, she has a new hair color every week.
I consider a 1 when your not high but you smoked so there is a feint feeling of a clear mind.
Because if Congress won't confirm a moderate Supreme Court justice because they think he is too liberal, surely they will vote for the most liberal person to be President.
Unless you use buttons for shortcuts outside of gaming, you will never realistically use more than what's offered on the g502
GOOOOOOOOOOD MORNING VIETNAAAM
East Coaster whose working nights right now
And what power is that then?
It is one standard pouch of Jew gold
And what kind of different fixes there will be on console?you can't really edit files there right?So he can just download files from the store only right?And If I am Mistaken , please show me different fixes on the console then.
thats how it goes :')
Seriously, most of the posts on PPD are now "If biotroofs don't exist, then how do me, a redpill, touch boob?"
I liked Green Mile as both the book and the movie.
I know how to flex my ear drums so they don't take any damage.
It's a mystical place known only to the superior players
Are you going to post the rest of the album?
Thanks!
I get that, I guess it comes back to knowing there are states that stay Blue or Red so I just feel that so many votes are useless that it discourages me from voting even though my vote is more important and that isn't right imo.
That's the best place to shoot from here
Dude just ask off...
Everything is fine... the people who lose their 3part time jobs are lazy and never contributed to society in any way.
Or when the pastor bails the gibberish speaking lune out of looking bad by giving a translation when it's quite obvious that he's just giving an outline to his sermon.
Same with us tbh Just wanted to keep it friendly haha
Lol Cloud9 have better things to do than play for a meaningless tournament.
According to IMDB it is "a dystopian love story in a Texas wasteland and set in a community of cannibals."
below...can you send me a link?
That's what we call ourselves here, Monyet is monkey in Bahasa Melayu Merry Christmas to you :)
No one said he doesn't want to make money, just that he's beyond just that.
Neither 4 years nor $110 is much for shoes.
Cool, will it take care of ignoring existing/duplicate files when backing up again
The best Linus
You made me spit my coffee out from laughing so hard.
THIS IS NOT CASUAL
Repeat after me: capitalism leads to innovation
Trump is a robot who's easily programmable?
What are you guys talking about I don't remember this at all.
A big 'ol floppy penis
But the audience needed to know, if Snoke didn't say Han Solo we could've thought the father was Chewie
Dang
well maybe he's overloaded due to how many people say the F-bomb here.
I'm expressing my opinion lol, no one asked you to give a shit.
Even now, Severus?
Gorgeous!
Or the Wild!
Doh!
Yea, time and time again has proved all of Hillary's supporters are perfect citizens
I have a 2000 CX hatch, and it has a rear wiper, and came with a radio.
Because they save it for the lowlights with C'mon Man
I get it, privacy is important, but when the potential for abuse (especially when someone cant communicate they are being abused) is there; it would weed out of so many bad and burned out care staff to ahve actual video of a incident rather than a rehearsed carefully worded statement during the incident report.
ey digga chill mal
It's funny because I have a very similar remote with the same style and symbols and I'm pretty sure mine is in the "right" color.
Blue reflectors in the road are there to let firemen know there is a hydrant on the side of the road at that location.
More Americans need to try Irn Bru
It's monday night, you madman
So he's gay?
For safety reasons, you could always choose a different, well-lit route.
I like yours better than mine :D
I agree, its stupid that people who ruined your brand a bit/fucked over a part of community have a future in the same company.
This really re'd my posted.
MORE HAT SLOTS
DO NOT SEXUALIZE THE SYLVEON
that she didn't turn over like she said she did *under oath and to the American people* ... and they knew it
It's okay if they share.
Can confirm, left this open overnight and woke up with melted creamsicle in my bootyshorts.
One reaps what one sows.
Yeah, absolutely no difference with pre-1945s.
I have no problem with organized religion, its with the particular organizations that do the organizing.
Whoa it's almost like it's the **exact same guns**
Look at any of the 50 year old white dudes at mecum auctions buying gts
I've been left right all sorts of things and if there's one thing I learned is that no matter what people say, when there's a rape or allegations, that's when you find out what they'd actually do.
pls explain
Worst they can do is delay it a year.
It's gonna be a tape that makes Donald Sterling the *second* most racist old White guy named Donald to have been exposed in the last 5 years.
All the "community" skins so far are made by the same person.
Never disconnected his brain from his body for any amount of time though.
there is a java flag for that
Left side = 51; Right side = 15.
I'm actually surprised they don't have pylons at the edge of the water to prevent this from happening.
Yea, the setup for this is actually fucking hard.
Fuck everything man.
Bwahh!
I love Bobo's reviews!
Keep the conservative going man!
Muslim ban?
To be fair, women are things, not people.
Wew
The Perks of Being a Wallflower is really good and pretty relatable
aah yeah you're right, went and checked, I misread 'options' as 'operation.'
Stripe ends a little too soon tbh the colour could wrap round to the other side of the heel a little more but its better than some of the other budget V2's ive seen because they wrap round far too much
Kreygasm
Should be.
I will flip my own car once a month
Both of you could attend a session with Curd Hos at Hostyle Conditioning.
I was going to make that same point.
I don't want to seem culturally insensitive but that's a fucking stupid idea.
yea but you can't get chocolate hazelnut frosting.
Corey is the only one that works I believe (and Germy Linn)
This week's Tavern brawl has more unique dialogue than the rest of hearthstone combined.
Then would you care to explain your side?
they just underclocked the 3570k
The depths that corrupt woman and her cronies will go is staggering.
You guessed it right, I'm G2 perkz
Well the sun, you see, tends to disappear...
While I want those on the big screen as well...the controller does not look any more comfortable compared to the 3DS.
Slower
Well, this is surprising... I... I have nothing to rant about today.
Wiggins and Demar making Canada very happy
Well, they should realize that it's not a relational database then.
But not my regret.
everyone was in the same situation.. deckbuilding is also a skill needed to win a tournament like batstone
Probably would need to ask them
Hm he should just cube the pensalir one then
I'm waiting for it to get delayed a month then have some yinzer hit me when it's snowing, trying to do a Pittsburgh left before I get the chance to sell it back
Funbro
Usually when jersey discussion comes up, there's an uncomfortably high use of the word "sexy" to describe them.
nice save?
It won't fit.
And mom of the year award goes to....
And stuns aren't the end of the world.
So you don't use one... that's the problem
Must resist ... perfect stocking stuffer ...
If directors leaving was a sign of a bad movie every superhero movie would be horrible most superhero movies cycle through directors because of continuity and vision between companies and directors marvels done it on almost every movie and their all mostly good still
Obviously I should have known better than attacking a Tiger from the side.
Eh it reeks of hypocrisy, and besides, his tax plan doesn't actually close them anyway, so it's a moot point.
Norway is the exception, though.
Its called Hanukkah.
If City don't manage to get VVD, do you think they go back for Laporte or Bonucci or look elsewhere?
Yes but you're implying that China is the only game in town for Taiwan
Naa, just open some more windows.
I like these ideas, although I don't know if it needs a lock on indicator since it has the laser sight that points at you... I think having a lock on indicator would make it a bit too easy to dodge since it would alert you before you saw it in those cases.
It's just... I've never really liked dark meat
Yarp!
mah tatela!
aaaand there it is
Relevant username?
In standard or expanded?
tl;dw Ruler's positioning was too good
Jafar is the greatest threat to American geopolitical security.
I almost didn't get him cause I thought he was on my Christmas list but then remembered it was Otto.
Cant believe she didn't even bring money luke what fucking year is it
If you know or have marked card locations in your deck then you are cheating already, regardless of how you "randomize" A requirement of the game is presenting a randomized deck: this is a tool for randomization.
Thanks that was pointed out
Flumpty's button is not even close to SL lmao
I'm not sure where you found that information, all I found regarding Qualcomm is that the SHV-E250L (South Korean market model) and GT-N7108D (China Mobile) utilize Qualcomm chips, the US CDMA models: SCH-i605 (Veizon) and SPH-L900 (Sprint) use Exynos have no mention anywhere of Qualcomm chips.
r/im20andidontcatchobvioussarcasm
Sure, and watching *Transformers* teaches you how to drive.
Still no idea why the hell y'all hired Wommack.
Not in 1v1 ;D, unless you pick a warrior for some reason lol.
Yep, people call him dead but the god of death laughs at death itself
because there isn't enough war on this planet at the moment
You mean the DOS emulator with the blue background?
but they had Dilma dude
Well yeah, furniture is fucking expensive.
Which was totally untrue btw
Man, the Conservatives really have erased George W. Bush from their histories huh?
ok child
nice
trackmania turbo
Does anyone know what the statistics are if WEC is included?
Can't wait for John Kerry to BTFO Clinton.
GO HOME GAMER FART!
You guys are really barking up the wrong tree with these puns.
I mean you dont need to know US history to know WWII wasnt happening during the 1700's.
I'm really sad about Marlins pitcher Jose Fernandez
its overkill
Fuck that's great
I liked SR4 too, but it's easy to have a different opinion when you're comparing it to SR2, or in this case DR.
How do I build the Santa Claus unit?
i am responding with an alternative to your plan, how hard is that to understand?
I wanna say it's the 14" x 24" one, but I'm not so sure myself, you might be able to get away with the 16" x 10" one
Jakarade is a p popular one
The glare is awful but otherwise I don't have an issue with the graphics.
sure thing
Wow it's fucking nothing
Ahaha classic Swedener, what a magnificent display last night, ne?
*makes ------
Maybe they might even lookup the definition of treason someday.
What chestplate is that?
I think that every time he pops up in my feed
Just curious what genre are you going with or overarching concept if you don't mind saying of course.
I love to sing.
If jungle is the same level as botlane, it's a bad jungler.
Looks like he tried but couldn't get it to burn.
Indeed, looks cool to be honest.
What is pizzagate?
Good point.
Is Pepe's butt waterproof?
Ah yes
Why did his head double in length
LOVE IT OR LEAVE IT
~~Red Sox~~ Cubs
Nice video, the "German" style helmets manufactured by a British company is deliciously ironic :)
I have never got anything less then 400 since I hit 400
Pretty sure it was the same exact *(fucking awesome)* bassline
4meta2me
It make dem eat da poopoo.
I say yes, everyone on this sub seems to enjoy it.
But remember, you'd be an asshole if you didn't tip them even if they slap ass in front of your table.
Ha, family guy reference.
I'm personally going to wait out the winter.
23 D LIMBO!
Are you asking about region characteristics or game features per region or...?
You don't play Bellona and play someone that actually has impact on the game
i don't know if you can call it a leak if it was featured on an ATV episode.
That kid grew up to bang your mom
Gotta have full health for round 2.
It came from a terrible movie.
Search for it in the PS store and launch from there
950M
That's racist.
I have a PC that I can play those games on and personally don't give a damn about portability.
But that's too OP!
Excellent point.
it's awful, you don't have type coverage, you're only using 1 alola when you should have 8 on your team, this montage sucks anyways so yeah probably awful
If by exciting you mean extremely violent, yes.
Vayne (498k mastery), Veigar (361k mastery), Katarina (233k mastery)
He's actually srs ask him
And slaughtering his wife's lover on the spot!
only reason they want money is so they can pocket some of it
I wish Mike Tomlin would change his name to Bill Belichek... Just call up the Browns/Eagles/Raiders and be like: "Hey... I've got a shiny 7th round pick here... You don't want Mack, do you?"
You are more american than half of this sub.
Oh oh oh oh
Not sure but not happening anymore
This is objectifying women, please remove this
How about Dragon Quest, Dark Souls, or Monster Hunter?
How do you think we'll fare against you guys?
I understand that it is insulting, but I think it's important that it's pointed out how ridiculous the story acrually is.
it doesnt work on mobile currently
Watermark ruins it for me.
And FAMAS.
Do you pass up any of the deductions you qualify for?
No, he needs to go down with his Trumptanic.
Neither does Trump.
K701, K702, Q701 all have wider soundstage than K7XX/K712.
Akira survives because of her huge muscles.
On your county clerk website.
Fuck it, I want to know if aliens have ever actually visited our planet.
Oswald Mosley was such an interesting character.
Haha woah, you said that as if it's entirely reasonable.
Yes, primis told the king to build his castle
How much weed did you just smoke?
Your mum has got that covered, amirite.
as if being "savages living in mud huts" gives Israel permission to do whatever they want
Its 11 at redbox tho!
And white girls everywhere rejoiced
As someone who prefers chubby guys, I'd take Gary any day.
You can take RNH off the list now!
:-(
w~~y~~*u/koolaideman456*d tho?
You are not the boss of me.
"pls not upvote" posts always reach frontpage
OHHHHHHH oh....
b a n n e d
Do you think he memes it all out, or just memes it up as he goes along?
Hong Kong flashback were pocket universe confirmed?
Literally
It's the highest potency spell so it must be the best one to use.
An engine is a type of motor, the words aren't interchangeable.
I think people would HATE that.
US West, I can get matches but they always have bots
It seems you don't watch competitions for the competition then
Yours.
Attach this to Jaques station, it's the only way
*Vocal Fryyyyyyyyyyyy*
I always thought soren was like claimed for life by tsm lol
No thanks i got the free beta on the microsoft store
Pretty sure the ladder had no collision
Tell them to take it slow if its their first time.
Watch a comedy and commit the sin of loud laughter.
Advanced AI...and an 8 year old kid, by DDOSing the DNS server of a game site he hates.
Woosh.
This sub certainly has made me appreciate the good servers more.
I would say that any attempt to draw harm to someone by revealing RL info would be doxxing.
Now all you need is a third wand for the pistol and a fourth wand for the knife.
But pirri doesn't get enough assists... that means he's terrible, right?
lol how did your short time with the phone affect the apps...
Fine, r/Asia then!
Are you seeing me defending coffee?
MERRY CLINCHMAS
You have no idea what any of the words I used mean, do you?
Don't forget "On the banks of the ole Olentangy"
Sticker Star
Or maybe it was the "vote for hillary or you're satan" thing.
I'd like an accessory of either a christmas present, a mini santa head, or a bauble
Not for Seattle !
Fuck off kids, stop upvoting stuff because of boobs.
Welcome to pallet town :D
Kicked it off the field.
Not everyone is Stafford brah
#sweepgang
What, Team Fortress 2 had a good campaign
*Pyrrha: 50% Canadian 50% Yandere*
I heard on the wild west server (aka chinese) it has 300 pen HEAT rounds.
Well, this is embarrassing...
That's what I thought it was at first glance!
We had that evidence for quite some time, this recent thing though just cements even more how he has no leak in CIG, and is largely talking out of his ass, or just repeating what goons say to him.
You can't arrest someone for just delivering the drugs.
And now they're voting for Hillary.
"I am sworn to carry your burden."
would body block for a lane buddie all day would speed boost him out of danger every second would stun everyone who would want to lay hands on my lane buddie but oh well looks like I gotta duo lane solo :-D
because if they KNEW real women.........
That means it's compatible, **not** compliant
A popular news subreddit that has mods who don't filter content.
Ok well to be fair you're firing arty, that stuff is DESIGNED for long distance kills xD
It's one weekend and yes it's fine, it's no different than a new person playing getting 25 then going into comp.
I love how Trixie's white eyeliner is slowly taking over her whole face.
But their policy is based on their religious beliefs and is, therefore, above reproach, you Islamophobics
The game runs fine on my ipad mini 2 with 1GB ram
Ignore for MOOSELEMs to take over
All the Twitters too!
Grossmann serving his real purpose here
Mexican coke is more expensive?
Redundant bureaucracy?
Forgot the
Making excuses is the right course of action to fixing the problem
so wrong that in the course of human history, it has NEVER been done before.
you certainly are posting a lot on here lol
The conclusion I prefer to jump to is that its someone visiting from out of town.
Link?
And still people deny there's an overpopulation problem.
He took so many shots for so long his team forgot how to score
If you want to stay the undisputed best, you recruit.
Translation: US injured US-Russia relations over an unproved allegation that the Russians were responsible for exposing the truth about Hillary Clinton and the DNC, a job that should have been performed by the US press.
Yeah but he didn't go in the corners
Head on over to the rally of your choice and let your facts fly.
Niche for people who like ECC RAM, I guess ;)
Shane was definitely plotting but DANIELLE was the one who convinced him to back off throwing the jamboree under the bus.
Sadly, he's trying to make it relevant again.
Yeah,and gravity has never been proven.
Yes, though you should really read Ch700 and Naruto Gaiden before Boruto.
If you figured out the remaining words, how difficult is it to figure this out?
I'll sacrifice 10 virgin chickens and eat it's baby in eggs form... I'll do it by myself, just for you beloved redditor...
G100s has a really bad left click quality problem, average lifespan around 6 months.
its totally real too
Hillary's going to fix all of that though!
Yay layers of abstraction!
I though Dubs was going out with Astrokey, though.
Honestly, I see gas stations trying to charge almost 5 bucks for a single bag.
It's not as if he wouldn't have access to coach them beforehand, but yeah, it does say something that they don't even have to be covert about this, lantaran na.
The loading times are way too long in Skyrim.
My guess is they could simply pay people to come in and do that, just like how bars pay people to come and tend.
But was the average Joe paying attention while multiple wars were being fought in different countries for decades, destroying the livelihood of the average Yusuf?
She was being viciously attacked with Trump quotes!
BitCoin?
Probably a reasonable doubt due to the last time we believed the Neocons; 45 minutes till Sadam could nuke someone.
Make one out of cardboard first, use that as a template.
I'm pretty sure any amount is illegal to have in your backyard
Many lads were wewed this blessed day
You don't have the time and patience, damn it Niantic fix this game...
Such kink very wow
wait, so reddit is SFGate's source for news now?
Haha also tested it on HoV last week :p fk that dungeon
How is that working for you?
Wish engineering classss counts as 5s and psych classes count as 3s
Total sellout.
Rousey will retire before she takes an ass whooping from Cyborg.
Funny i think about him too
That's not what I said, and that's not what you said, but okay.
Aren't lawyers paid a shit-ton......
That black guy looks impressed
I would totally respond to their pageantry.
I had to read this post in a squeaky voice for authenticity
Duh, the non-fucking Vikings wouldn't have passed on their genes
But they signaled a split-second before they turned, so it's all good.
Well, overpopulation won't be an issue if everyone's dead, so yes.
Sounds good man, i should be on either tomorrow in the afternoon or sometime this weekend
I dont know I just feel like at one point everything was possible and then my world exploded and now what I once thought was guaranteed is now mpssible and I feel embarrassed.
Pitchers too.
Dvds, cds, shirts, art supplies
*"no you idiot we did that already in the north of america"*
A damn shame too, the story was actually pretty interesting, and most of the characters were pretty likable too.
Actually there is a chance we fixed this.
I vaguely remember someone (echologic or some other regular) saying that the 120 meter first stage height was more likely the total vehicle height back during that leak.
RIP her back
Will the Islamophobia never end
Belt extenders will do that to you
In 1996 we had just got the PSX (first Playstation) and were enjoying mainstream 3D gaming for the first time, we were already admiring the future too much back then ;)
So much DM
Nice to meet you drink
Hypocrite FB friends, family... To the safe spacers politicians saying all the nice words while stabbing you in the back is more important than someone who says some mean things while trying to save the country.
The Union of Calradic Soviet Republics will rise!
The is the best of the shitposts in a long time.
6700k is 126mm^2 with igpu taking 1/3 of the die, 6900k is 250mm^2 with no igpu.
WebRTC works in Firefox too, you know.
What if i told you they won all these awards ever in the history of cars?
Well, Blood/High elves without magic do eventually become the Wretched, which is basically exactly what happens to Nightborne.
Can confirm, am hitting the gym regularly.
it's the same with all modes, the accept button is an auto-accept button if you do nothing :D
Also faster than a GTX 960 and GTX 1050ti
The Jeff Fisher one is a treat.
?
If we get in trouble, I'm sure Melania could pull some strings.
"No-one's gay for Penceman..."
Except the majority of the working class voted for Hillary
No one living in Atlanta is a Pepsi fan.
WOW!
You say humour I say propaganda.
That won't happen like all of Trump's campaign promises.
THATS INSANE
Yeah, it's moose all the way down up there...
A fan steps out of the shadows and agrees with you wholeheartedly.
Staying in this sub for longer than its needed, yes.
Cult of Luna in Kortrijk tonight Oathbreaker in Gent on sunday + spending the rest of the weekend in the Westhoek #rootsbloodyroots :)
Haha, what?
It's part of the architecture, why would you want to remove an iconic part of the building like that?
Tinerii frumosi si liberi la cuvioasa, nu la votat!
BECAUSE IT'S HER TURN YOU SEXIST RUSSIAN
The British people need to be shown that they don't get what they ask for through the democratic process.
I thought it was general sinfulness like believing the earh is round and all that ungodliness.
Exactly ;) Shes at home with her mom in this scenario.
But if you share that knowledge with people who go on to rob a bank, its joint enterprise.
"YOU DON'T APPRECIATE ART BY A WOMAN....MISOGYNIST!!!"
tell that to florida drivers
Taxi everywhere
If you're right about Ed intentionally hurting Oswald and thus that makes him more cold, and I do hope you are correct, I look forward to that day because one episode and I've already had enough of romantic softie Oswald.
Anyway the wind blows
I would prefer to date someone outside my (future) trade because I would feel crappy, but I wouldn't want her to have to deal with that.
wrong subreddit I guess?
Win 10
They must be stoked for those away games against Florida teams.
Total moron for thinking this would ever take off.
to play ARK at something better than 20 fps on my 6 year old workstation laptop..
This is true.
True.
there would be like an hour with no drinking and 5 minutes of constant shots.
Yea, why is the reasoning behind your anger?
Well we took him on as salary relief so it makes sense we wouldn't be able to give him away
F1
Thanks for updating us on your division, knowing what tier everyone was wasn't enough already.
We cannot accept fascist policy, we must organize to fight it before they silence us one by one
Everything in D.A.R.E.
You can watch his faith in humanity diminish by the word.
You are correct.
we should try to figure out what the deleted comments were using the replies as clues.
I upvoted you for the pun, then downvoted again cause it's not like your own flair is any better
What's the difference!
good thing 'cause doin' it with a HE horse would be homosexual and against nature.
You'll get compensated with experience of being an extra
i'm a bernie supporter and he would likely agree with things i've been saying to you
I swear, she had an id!
Is the track set to private?
based on the resolution i will take an approximation that this has been posted 7 times before
That means you are not a real communist True Communism is a military junta that uses excessive force on it's own subjects
Don't forget Allan from Napoli
r/2meirl4meirl
I'm a millennial and this offends me.
So far all leaks and other evidence points to them as true believers, just as duped as the rest of us, rationalization and denial in full force.
Hmm not having problems with that but it looks a lot like the mana bar so its kinda difficult to see how much energy we have.
Yeah, he really sounds like a dick.
Interptions
No they'd be cheering Curry on if he joined the Cavs
Fat people or anorexics?
In the eternal words of my Iranian networking prof: "It's the information superhighway!"
How many for a pack of panties?
Oh shit it's lit
FORGED IN THE FIRES OF MOUNT DOOM!
Seriously Modi is still brazing it out, i wonder when the bubble will burst
And the people that called this month's ago were called crazy, how times change.
Join us for Shenanidads, Sunday nights at 9 EST GTA playlist followed by free roam
Shouldn't she be in Canada by now?
Dang, kimbo slice passed away?
Not really, but someone posted earlier asking a good way to practice DI with opponents while solo; so you can try going to training mode and setting opponent to Control and connecting a second controller and using your foot to hold they analog stick DI away or down or up lol
No it is obviously A
You sick fuck
Yeah Scorpio has highest quality pixels
You seem neutral on the subject, HOW DARE YOU
Well I made the assumption that default subs are representative of redditors in general, but that's just an assumption and I don't know if that's true or not.
Knew it was great the second it showed up in my YouTube recommended list
Being able to believe there is a greater power, and something to give meaning to everything we go through down here.
I don't understand.
Haha, glad she got a laugh out of it!
I'd pay double taxes to provide the disenfranchised with a shrub lined pedestrian mall!
do the Native Americans know there's already a pipeline in the ground there?
Yeah, everyone knows the sun revolves around the earth!
That extra minute or two will absolutely kill them.
Confused if I made my in-season apology too soon.
But but but but but... I thought he TOLD IT LIKE IT IS.
Seeing as more things are being discovered in the map and possibly older maps, there more than likely is something else to Revelations, and possibly BO3 zombies as a whole.
Clinton solidly flips Georgia, just barely squeak by in South Carolia, and will be within 2 points in Mississippi (despite the stereotypes 538's demographic models have it as the least red inland South state).
Yes, let's scare the public in to action, "for the greater good"
Trying too hard would be if I included the
Badum dadum dadum dum dum dada DUNNNNN DUNUNUN DUN UNNNNN DUNNNNNNN DUNNNNNNN DUNNNN
Maybe in current times the model immigrant for a long time in Canada was eastern Europeans because they were considered "Hardy people who could farm the prairies".
That's the current theory.
And that was a reimagining of the Honeymooners.
r/noisygifs
Ya, they got a bright future to look forward to dont they.
Nature truly is something to behold.
Pen lawyer
Well, if that is indeed true, We'll finally have a Rock-type (Bruno having 2 Onixes doesn't count) and Flying-Type Elite 4 members
I didnt delete any posts and if you dont believe me, prove it.
Now you just need to make this video 12 hours long and hilarious.
Shiny on the outside, shitty on the inside.
It's not my fault you haven't noticed the obvious anti-globalization theme and the jobs being lost to Eastern Europe surrounding the Brexit movement.
haha havent heard that one before...
True but odds are much more likely to win the general for easy money.
I think his username checked out big time.
Your name is basically mine and this makes me uneasy
even funnier if you're in Europe
Urethra swapping, I can only guess.
My kids are too young to do this now but I still think it's important to do that kind of thing once in a while so they value where food comes from and really understand at least a little bit about how it grows and how it can be harvested.
So it worked.
Yeah it's a bit mind boggling to me that IMSA (in addition to protecting mfg partners) also seems to believe that the SINs, KTMs, and Radicals of the world would make the class more expensive.
Some say BB laughing in the distance moving his hands together.
Actually Ember was known as "what bow" before release.
Sounds damn luxurious
A real pillar of the community, right there.
if she thinks she can just come into their lives and act like a mother, that's not how it works.
don't even think this is a reputable source, didn't read won't dare.
I'm just disappointed 93.3 became entirely Christmas music already
If a crack is weakening and damaging the ice surface would that now be an ass-fault?
That running rapier r1 tho, lel
The third source is the NDP apologizing to the Rebel.
If you raid another sub, that's not btfo, dumbasses.
Yeah, these numbers look good and are based on facts, but people don't "feel" like the economy is doing better so therefore it isn't.
No, thank you!
Isn't everything relative?
Afgahnistan, Iraq and Syria is also not islam's fault.
Please, maybe we can sidebar it too
I made a post that just fucking disappeared.
Bob the builder backwards.
Time for them to join the BritainOP Ba'ath Party.
Ya, where is the source?
WE STARVIN FAM......
27 legend AD gets rekt by nat4s LUL
You've just awoken from a 10 year coma.
Regi would fly his family from brazil like he did with Weldon
:-(
There isn't one
Ye it was easy to miss, the title could have been more clear.
I have to give credit to samsung where it's due their return for a note 4 for a Galaxy is pretty great, I wish LG did something similar
USC FANS SING THE "CHA CHA CHA" PART DURING HAPPY BIRTHDAY
Forgive me if I'm wrong but from the short clip I saw of him at the ICW show couple weeks ago I didn't think he had a cast
Obviously im not backstage at NJPW, but id have to imagine that they have enough say in their matches to say whether or not they want to do that.
Ahh yes... good thing their voters are not to be bothered with common sense and logic.
Yeah, the Suppressive guns really do feel like they're supposed to IMO, just laying down a wall of bullets nets you a ton of points and is really effective in controlling the map, most people won't just run into a stream of giant tracers going by in front of them.
Only bad people should get cancer.
Man I don't know if I'd want PraY, I say we go for Bang instead
but the same beast
Yakuza
I think this is what Old Yeller felt like
Hot Shots Golf 3 on the Playstation 2
If they don't make enough money to pay taxes then they are the ones being exploited.
Ok, thought I'd ask, and you're right, stuff like that is the kinda junk that is just a box of abuse waiting to happen.
Bandar Bush.
It's a fucking joke lol.
*Night 3 Also, there are some possible letter sequence codes, as well.
That;s Baby being scooped, not her jumpscare.
0 minutes and 0 seconds since I'm flat broke
*really
It would be trivial to implement, but it would be easily discovered, and the consequences would way too dangerous to risk.
Thats way over the MSRP of 25 to $50 depending on the album and number of records.
I have a U-turn orbit and have never had a record skip.
Thank you, it's real ;)
U MOTHERFUCKERS KNOW VOTE TRUMP FUCK MEXICO
If Trump doesn't go all in with this then we really, really, really know the fix has always been in, and he was Clinton's lead blocker all the time.
add 2 extra hours to my gameplay, wooohoooo
I've never gotten this many upvotes before O.o
Some cans could have more PSI than others
Mitochondrial Eve is not an individual.
Operation: Its not her turn.
Gay sex
Yes but its in southern New England.
No problem!
By the helicopter blades.
but it was a searing not even 80 degrees out!
There is a billionaire and multi-millionaire running for president... I wonder who is winning this match up....
His credibility is in pieces because he challenged Hillary's credibility, which is clearly infallible.
to be continued ?
Is all violent crime committed by the mentally ill?
Am I stupid for thinking they were going to do the test with cars before it started?
8
you guys go over the top is all
Just play music from your internet browser.
Can it please not be extended.. I'd actually be so happy if I could play on time.
What about those of us who don't give a fuck about this stupid drama and just want our characters back?
There's a propensity to award the Oscar for Best Actress to women who play hookers.
That's not a positive reaction to this TIL.
Pride and Prejudice and Zombies!
Yeah, unfortunately I'm only one my computer when my light sleeper of a wife is sleeping :P
In passive or agressive way?...
Anxiety is a bitch.
Underrated factor, since Vitality Totem was usually the worst result you could get from Totemic.
#FweeSpeech
Still no Nougat... SMH...
You mean like Palestine?
My I7-4790k came with a basic intel stock cooler
What is his professorship in?
your wife's son?
What is this "South Park" you speak of?
Theirs more where that came from
No problem :3
Where you at, booooooi?
#**BIG BOLD TEXT**
The immediate assumption that we all smoke weed.
Nah, we need more idiots selfie deathing themselves.
it was discussed on the podcast that rachael o'brien hosts when katie was a guest.
Just a tad.
Just say no to revisionism PS, no gulag pls, I honestly prefer the newer one.
Lovely work as usual.
Oh jeez that's rough, hope you can upgrade soon :)
Fourth quarter tank time.
Solo standard.
He didn't really have a heart attack, but it was stressful on him!
A 1440p 144hz G-Sync monitor
Sounds like it needs a seven series GOTesque TV show.
The white body paint on the black guy really brings this piece together....
I think you mean freedom cleat system.
And yet his English is better.
Had this been reversed and Hillary supporters were charged double people would lose their shit.
That, and also the lack of sleep, food, the fact that she's cutting weight, etc.
IIRC self medication gives you a ray gun.
Gorges is cancer to Ristos Corsi
She must have been great, especially if the Emperor gave her charge of such a beautiful vessel.
Forgive me if I'm wrong, was a bit naive when I started 1.6 but isn't there a bug where the first bullet after quick switching was a 100% accurate or something in 1.6?
Is tunnel vision the thing when your sight becomes distorted as if the world's resolution kind of glitched?
Hmm bonuses
most of us put "Wifi causes cancer" and "Vaccinations cause autism" in the same batshit crazy section especially when she has a fucking medical degree
Is this real?
How does the kid remember Fredbear if it's after FNaF 1?
Goodbye
Fuck tank'zix, that's for pussy mains
If you think healthcare is such a human right why don't you donate your money to charitable healthcare organizations instead of voting to use other people's money
They probably agree on social issues 90% of the time but disagree on government spending issues 90% of the time.
that or you're a guy with a prison vagina?
In the case of the 389, that's not necessarily incorrect :P
Get that housework done.
Because people see stuff that PlayStation is getting and want the same stuff for Xbox i guess.
Well he couldve drawn Cabalist's tome and getting polymorph from that.
Yet somehow a guy stabbing his toenail is NSFW.
And the get shot by the security detail there
Yea, because every other team is 15 levels below skt/rox and there's no way that there may be new super team
And because pixie
Injuratu ca injuratu, dar astia mai si ameninta sau intimideaza.
AK is Avada Kedavra
Being reasonable.
Probably not.
Tough luck for the kid, was playing so well.
Console doesn't have chat...
That implies that anybody is buying what he's trying to sell.
Alright, well I'll get the word out and maybe the new Vegas hockey team can be named the Mayo Eaters or something else about white people.
To be fair, people who like candy corn are weird.
Sshhh, they don't know that!
Can't wait to see if i win, thank you for the giveaway OP :)
or nah
TIL this guy is responsible for the boardroom suggestions meme.
Ohhhh-bliguh-TOREEEEE
You'd be surprised how bad people are at movement in this game.
You can always move...
Your choices are between someone who accepts the outcome of democratic elections, and someone who will claim any loss is rigged.
Ahh Red Wings fans... We're stretching it from "NHL player's sons" to grandchildren just so that Mantha can make the team.
They just put in a bike lane on 3rd Frome Lewis to Utica.
Mention that at least when Gary doesn't like a leader, he doesn't start a war in their country to overthrow them and have them killed.
How about no CP at all for Justin?
You are not allowed to disagree wwith BB on here
Don't you mean...t**watt**?
Along with Blackhawks legend Dominik Hasek
as horrendously violent and disturbing as the show is, it had some really good character development and a lot of moral lessons embedded in it.
Is Martin a good target or is he too risky with a hammy injury
What's the matter?
It's up to each individual, which exercise stimulates growth for them or which is easier for their joints/wrists or it could be that they feel a better contraction.
Docking
Wabbitemu saved me when I lost calculator.
I had the biggest crush on Vegeta when I was a kid..
Go to hell obama
Multi-track drifting!
The Nook is one of my favorite burger places in the country overall, let alone juicy lucys
Norman isnt a lb or safety
Now do Republicans.
Also note, that ult's like Vi's will not be canceled, but will push her back during the duration.
Probably a different server from NA or EU.
~national guard~
We've been getting prank calls for a couple weeks from voip callers claiming people threatening to kill others, needing help asap, people sick and needing ambulance etc and it's been wasting resources here real bad.
the legends were true
Young Patriots are back?
Didn't help he went after Geno after he was down...
# AYY LMAOO
27 with hardline m8 you weren't completely wrong
Will Donald Trump condemn the liberal animals for vandalizing a grave site?
You're wrong.
that's how you know he ded.
**DEPARTMENT OF MEMELAND SECURITY**
xXxPu$$yD3str0y3rxXx
Welcome to capitalism, enjoy the creative destruction and the free markets!
Is this from SB?
I'd kill for a purple one, no matter how weird it looos.
Well that wasn't the question, I want to know how you consider this behavior, as acceptable or not, regardless of who is doing it.
Except that I've defended John 1 as teaching the trinity and he has yet to refute how it does not teach trinitarianism.
NFCircle of west
That was very moderately high energy of him
this right here is why I wanted Memphis in the Big XII
No I'm mad because Dunkey is fucking obnoxious.
Pretty sure you would just call it grainy.
That's a BOSS RC-505.
Fill the potholes with concrete, Da!
i suggest using an E-Cig if you want to quit
Ah ok, weird personal beef confirmed, carry on.
Congrats?
And karl isnt saying she didnt do a great job
Well, I just sat up straight
Yeah... I know its my opinion
Yeah but blacks are still equal with whites
46 times, Lord of Arms the day FF2 banner went up.
Yeah, because you'd have to be a complete fool to believe that we did.
yeah this logic makes no sense.
Yep, this all must be satire
Tldr; Pls buff card i use
Worst game ever....really high def and low latency, but the respawn machinics never worked and no way to lower the difficulty level.
You don't buy voice packs for specific skins.. You buy the vp for a specific god, and sub sequentially get the vp for all of that god's skins.
Three years*
I'm always on nights so I never have to deal with the horrendous traffic in this town.
r/madlads
Also 3 isn't very good
And the whambulance Wha wha..
the end is never the end is never the end is never the end is never the end is never the end is never the end is never the end is never the end is never the end is never the end is never the end is never the end is never the end is never...
Personally I like gift cards over the magic band, as it's something you can put money towards over time, and something you can monitor better while you're there.
I'm so glad you found it, because I just remembered this scene and absolutely had to hear it again right this second.
reference to phantoml0rd &amp; gambling
I can build a dog fort in a mansion
I got TSE too.
I forgot the
The crossing lights in Dublin are fairly shit, pressing the button has no effect 95% of the time and lights often remain red even when the lights for vehicles is red.
You forgot to
BDarmory has automatic piloting/ai
Demisia Arafat
Checks out - This just how the post truck drives through my small street.
started watching this, gonna catch the rest later
ah ok, thanks :)
Vergne hitting Hamilton would certainly be newsworthy.
What are never jokes?
This is my favorite vid midormeepo's done in a while, hilarious plays with funny music, gr8 stuff 10/10
Comes w/ free cat.
Yeah but that's not *futuristic* enough though ...
Noice post
Not shit, I never doubted her sarlac pit's ability to grab things.
The title of this post and the description do not match.
Basically every final boss theme from Kirby.
I mean, that's how science in general works, isn't it?
Out of the loop.
Exactly this.
Inferno: Unnecessary Mega Minion: Agreed Hog: Unnecessary Bowler: Unnecessary Where's the Sparky buff?
They're fucking actors you goon.
I want him to rise because I'll most likely sell him for Pickford, but want that 0.1 :p
There's even an android/ios version too!
Worst, she stopped contacting him from day one so, surely she cheated him in less than two days... :/
"It's ok if I do it, it's those other people you got to watch out for!
But, e-mails and Hillary!
No, because they are communist.
He has all the documents!
Those black people don't know how to vote!
I usually just call them naggers.
Well, the GOP didn't pull their weight.
It just is so shut up!
"Can we just say the whole Army has bone spurs and leave?"
Gotta keep it in the family, amiright?
They're too busy working to do that
Hm..I always keep on checking reddit, no matter where I am on this world, vacation or not.
The smarter u r, the less inteelgence breefins u need.
No, it proves I read his NY Daily News interview plus this.
Pretty much every grocery store has it in my area.. Denmark btw.
When does the movie for this game come out?
Wonder why the game is not going to be in 3D...
NiPPY DX
I'm not saying that it is an excuse, but they fucked up a lot after that move
I'm pretty sure every pro player will ban mid range Shaman at Blizzcon
That garb is begging to have its suffixes scoured.
Wow, I had no idea this H1Z1 streamer played Halo!
...*Oh my~* I don't know where this referendum was held but I'm eager to find out.
Tell that to repeated blows to the head or a severe car accident....
This is just a repost -.-
Spec Ops The Line [the aftermath of the white phosohorus mortar]
Michael Bay couldn't make this up
$1200 peak
It's not a meme.
How would such an action be denying the true faith?
your ignorance is impressive
:)
I don't
You forgot to add
That doesn't sit too well with me at all.
According to the other people, the S controllers have Bluetooth support :o Thanks for helping :D
Who are you at other times?
Silent Planet - Everything Was Sound
I thought I heard she was going to write in somebody.
Same, I also used my handle.
Stretch 4
I don't know what to do with my 64GB of RAM now...
They don't flow into the bay all the time, only when there are Combined Sewer Overflows during/after heavy rain.
The same kind of compliance we have for bit-torrent nodes.
Well, clearly, he was just mentally ill
Yep
Set up a camera that isnt connected to the actor and have the player controls affect that actor instead.
Well,that was just too fucking adorable.
Yeah, i study in tallinn and people are generally A LOT friendlier there than in Saue area...
Yeah, that's the weirdest thing about this.
You guys should do some sort of exchange.
The reason why you'll never have a girl is solely because you refer to them as "females."
The adhesive could just come off over time unrelated to anything pushing it up.
I'm sure you will find someone willing, Metroidfan23345.
he could've used the 20 fuse gotten a 6link and made 6 times that, he could've used them on any other lottery and gotten 6 times that, the issue isn't that he was "scammed" or something, its that its very scummy for LNB to use his viewers to get cheap shit, or at the very least if he can't use math or logic to figure out 57c is really low, not argue and say it's entirely fair after people called him out on it.
cooldown reduction on every attack is way better than any of kharazim's traits.
The leaning tower of cheeza
So you agree with him then?
Intermittent fasting?
If you naturally hold your arms up, place them on your sides or a table, the top side is always opposite of the palm.
Kinda brings a whole new meaning to air ball.
Make sure you one star any lena dunham shows on the way out :-)
Lolol hurr that's their gimmick get worked hurrrrrr.
The event was cancelled due to hurricane Matthew
I'm pretty sure that he would be hella broken in lane if his resistances refreshed on minions.
definitely not meant to be read digitally, has the feel of those books that have all the extra info and secret document pages etc...
Can't skip it.
Keep showing images of wilderness in California.. maybe the ones who moved to Oregon, Washington and Idaho will move back there.
Bigly
I can do that too.
It has literally become "Eat S%*t and don't die."
If anything it's the combination of lots of alcohol and shitty food.
Eh, close enough!
We must believe I like that area code btw, I have one just like it !
"runescape is dying" every one on those goddam mtx threads lol
It says no one has played any matches, but I played with several of my friends, so they should appear.
Exactly 10 here and I don't see that increasing any time soon.
I don't own the game so I can't check, does it not have Keep Out signs like RCT?
So spawn camping is still a thing after how many years?
HEY MAN A WIN IS A WIN AT THIS POINT.
Which totally makes sense!
Jarvan is LB
My day has been made
I'll definitely pull but I stopped expecting anything good.
UK supreme court might overrule the referendum because they know what's best for the people
I think seeing an increase in nuclear powered plants and battery operated cars with auto drive seems like a much more believable future than this jazz.
Woodhead was there last year.
the very beginning i tossed a nade at the cluster of soldiers but it went too high and blew up above the bunker, so i kinda cut that out :P
A collie could be trained to lay the plumbing for the toilet in that time.
Yeah but what game is this?
*:(*
It's from Nick Spencer's Ant-Man
This should be the top comment
I'm not the one poisoning a presidential candidate.
the hero we deserve
Setup is hard, maintenance on stable is hassle-free, maintenance on testing can vary between just fine to "oops looks like this package just broke, time to hop on the bugtracker"; I'd still take it over the AUR any day though Still better than debian unstable, which recently broke their x11 input drivers during a transition that took a few days - that's when i decided to install arch over a debian unstable install
My soul hurts not having the E-11D.
What are you talking about, random T1 starting weapon without that weapon's full perk bonuses is a no brainer for HoE.
You dropped this
bo3 didn't have dlc weapons at launch if I remember correctly
Rocket League memes are best memes.
ahh shit didn't notice I will delete it
We'll dedicate a hall at the Rock to you if you cough up that Vesey kid.
But Jack Kemp 20 years ago was nice to black people...
Yeah, she'll go to bat for the middle class against the .1%
You forgot the
Not since the 1951 constitutional revision.
That's so blatantly wrong I feel sorry for you.
20 bucks says you are
Volume 19: Prologue, some other examples are written in Volume 19: Chapter 1, Part 7.
True, Obama still smokes so that'll fuck up his stamina
Well we hit 5 home runs against him :D
yeah but you'll have cirrhosis the next day
Arteezy, I added you on Overwatch,fam, pls accept my invite Pls carry me
I'm so glad there's another version of Balor's entrance than the chainsaw one.
Our vets have gone through enough.
I left facebook a couple of years ago.
And then me
is that because bugs can breath water, but they can't breath oil?
Yi?
Aw that feels cheap.
Live in Andorra
I'm making the next Facebook (idea)!
Spriest is only parsing high because of S2M, their non-s2m damage is ridiculously low.
Thanks for the write up.
That'a the thing, I don't have an anti-virus
SCIENCE RULES
It's a factor for sure, but Toro Rosso, who have a worse engine, were miles ahead all weekend.
The skills needed to succeed in the business world and academia have pretty minimal overlap.
wew lad
X-post r/westworld.
To be fair, he just sat there with the bomb in his hand, it's not like he had his gun out to try and kill the enemy if they pushed/peeked him so it's not like he took any precautions against being rushed and killed after time.
I wasn't gonna, but this is making me reconsider.
That first part is good to hear.
First time I've ever been this early (got a notification in chrome)
I don't eat rice, so I'm good.
$100K is nothing in LA.
oh yeah, this is such a good idea.
Anything that isn't worlds is low elo
Worst that happens is you fire him for fucking up, and he bitches to his buddies about you being an asshole.
Yes.
That's not what I meant, he said he was getting harassed, and I was just saying he doesn't *have* to tell them who he voted for.
Yes but only one of them, with the first name never revealed.
Yeah I agree with you, I think Hi-Rez are doing a great job with the game, I think it's well balanced, fairly team based and overall pretty damn fun
His staff were unprofessional and insulting and he looked like a lil bitch.
The same reason I make my mount jump at the crest of a hill.
why be patriotic instead of commending the pros and being good sport?
386 Hunter PSN Soba _Fett
Yet, morons will keep voting National.
Fucks it up for the rest of us who aren't blind idiots
President Obama could've grown up on one of Saturn's moons and he *still* would've been an American.
Gogeta still my MVP.
Yes
Or at least make him a ranged ai
And why would they risk something like that when they could have just picked up a phone?
i beated it with a burn deck.
He used to be a bouncer at a club, I'm sure he got some before he became clergy
For some reason I see buying copious amounts of confederate flags and then burning them money well spent.
Whenever Hillary was speaking, Donald would walk into the frame behind her and stand there.
Jeez
Keeper of the Grove too
Curious to know what religion is your grandmother?
When he was a little billionaires child a US expat stole his puppy and from then on he vowed vengeance on the United States
It's night during real life daylight hours, and day during real life nighttime hours.
I don't agree with you about Hillary, but, I'm grateful that we still have the right to say what we want without censorship.
it does over 10.33, since there is a bonus for high ar after that.
It's preperation for talk like a pirate day
its all just government intervention, man
Yeah, it's fucking space, I don't get all the hate saying it's the same as before, we're getting some fucking zero G combat and command of a spaceship.
Then you find it at msrp at walmart or target and smile profusely
They did the Yorick rework.
I have a dollar on ANX because of the 2000:1 odds they win.
Oh my god I never made this connection before, and now I can't unsee it.
If caffeine content for the lowest amount matters a lot more to you than taste, buy a cheap robusta like Cafe Bustelo.
Heineken is disgusting, so good lol
fucking hell, that's crazy.
fuk me morse
CANT REFUTE THE NEWT
This is the most relatable thing for me on this sub.
#FELLOW VIRGINIA CENTIPEDE, REPORTING FOR DUTY
*Effective italics*
the new robbie schremp
There's many, although maybe a bit higher at 2.6k+
not to mention theft of federal mail, cause that's not a felony, much.
Bitter much.
I believe it
I once did this with bo3
None of them are white supremacists though.
I'm really sad he didn't resign with the Browns a couple of years ago.
^ Proof work is one of the least liked words in the English language
My piss poor Gimp skills or me slowly dying on the inside?
I feel like the comparison between F1 and Robot Combat is a bit of a misleading one, considering the amount of money and public interest in F1, but I take your main point.
Technically speaking, 20/20 = 50/50
Love it!
WE dont know his intent!
I just added you, I managed to get the laby just now.
Yes, just run whatever the other option is that's not Accelerated Coils
skill wise of course they're better but do any of them have the fan base that he does?
MW2 had perks and killsteaks... Just so you know..
Bit depressing but everyone advises that you shouldn't apologise in an accident as it's an admission of fault
Prepare yourselves for the 2016 Great Karma Race.
Username checks out
What year is this, 2000?
They go to a lake of fire and fry.. *(that's all I got, haven't heard that song in forever and I'm not even sure I got that one line right, lol)*
She's gonna get so many presents.
Oh that's one of my fans!
No he used Photoshop to tilt the image and put it through a filter
I'm a fan of Chip Zdasrky and Chip Zdarsky working on the same book together.
No, you got it backwards.
THE MUTE THING EXISTS FOR A REASON
I was kinda hoping that would be Sandalit...
Remember how Dems claiming a "War on Women" caused them to become much more popular in downballot elections?
Cabbage!
I think you replied to the wrong comment.
It's probably just a "f you" opt out for people who don't want to go full racist, idk
My friend.
you can also try to find a coldarra drake with the kabal discover card although that is a lot harder
HELP ME
I saw more bama fans talking shit than lay fans myself
Couldn't he have taken a more profitable career, then simply bought many times more food FOR the pantry?
fake as hell.
I eat stuffing all year around.
Nah.
Yeah... It's definitely the other feeling.
unlocked is only by buying with real money (gems), or winning from events
i wanna hear the sound reversed, too
Doing gods work my son.
Mondale got beaten worse than Goldwater, IIRC
And Trump is no Joe Montana
Agree competely, especially on blizzard games ;)
12D Candyland
for the modmic?
I would imagine a lot of things are terrifying to see as a Floridian.
There are now.
Low quality photo, the pixels around the "CHEVROLET" are mixed up too, but there is no reason not to believe that.
More like underkill, no 5 lushens no gz
I remember that one
A lot of his platform is rolling back expensive programs
The dosage you're taking is in line with therapeutic doses, for what it's worth.
The Tara Calico picture, but it's the back story that makes it.
I've seen it typed as WoTOG a bunch of times, until now I don't ever remember seeing it as WOTG shit if we're cutting out "of" why are we not cutting out "the" too... let's just call it WOG.... seems good
"I heard you talkin' shit about my visor."
Hey Farva, what did Gerard Butler write on Ricciardo's shoe last week?
TL;DW please
Unless you are looking for him to catch you on the outside.
The only victim was corporate greed, man.
Just go on the internet and tell lies?
Ok the dean is gonna get some money, what about the boys accused of rape?
100% go for the 1060
I just played 3/4 of an ultimate frisbee game and I'm tired af
yeah he was president until 2001 :D Doubt there are many people still alive from back in that day
He was (great uncle) Died a while back
GTA5 is already out
I think Trump would be a Yasuo main *Some would say Taliyah but she is brown and her wall is actually solid unlike Yasuo's*
The problem is that people who switch to homeopathic nonsense are wasting their money and will likely have worse health outcomes.
If elected president, Donald Trump will destroy America with volcanos
Ok, so when they atracked the cameraman also, they were all about that free speech and first amendment stuff I guess
ban chod sarkar... oh wait its kejri... future PM taking rock solid decisions..
but but.. mohallah cured my alzeimer
someone's touchy about jokes this morning
Yeah right, what's a government ever done for them?
Terrorists has no nationality.
Yup, I get to 3 wins but can't seem to go past that.
Pick 6patrick
I could have been clearer- my point was to agree with you that this is totally inappropriate in a church, without disparaging sexuality itself or this kind of music.
You seen Wayne Rooney m8?
Where's darmian?
But can it run dog?
I'm protesting this because I get offended easily!
never said that makes it right, just saying that Microsoft, and Windows is wrong too, this applies for your "Never Again"
This is the real reason taxi companies hate ridershare.
They did say recently that they are still on track for 2016, so i believe a surprise announcement at PSX is very likely.
Don't forget the u20's win.
Er, what's so hard about steps 3 &amp; 4 on page 28 of book 2?
I used to be like that but then I realized that english in not everyone's first language and who the fuck am I to judge.
#DID IT HELP
true, F&amp;B vendors will never get their halal status if they offer alcoholic beverages in their premises
and once words fail to make change it is within my rights to acquaintance your face to the pavement :)
Soo... What happens to his business'?
Dems are down overall and we are up overall.
*~~MINE JUST FUHKEN CRASHED AFTER THEY ALL USED BB~~* Awesome feature
Asa ceva?
There is a difference between a narrative and a fact.
Final Fantasy XV as I'm a huge final fantasy fan
Posted in r/philadelphia like that piece of information was news.
I thought that was a prerequisite for all hockey players.
Bout tree fiddy... jk like 25 bucks I think.
It doesn't sound like it has enough sugar to be addictive, so it probably failed.
Lucid will be a little more overstable and hold the stability a little longer.
Noah found 3 of them, just go to each area and Look at the Sky and search for some little shiny blue rockets, but only after unlocking pap I think
TIL the Catholic Church is incapable of acting hypocritically.
"Injury" you mean.
1,500 x ~$25 = $37,500 That's a lot of turkey.
Every league player ever.
No where special - Lancastrian..
Or just not the same person
I'm going to go out on a limb here and say Caliborn.
I find it hard to believe that happened unless you did not pre heat the oven or have the temp too low.
Challenge accepted.
Cmon bro, Bartolo doesn't have the heat he used to, but he can throw better than an 85mph fastball belt high and in the pull zone 2-0 withstanding.
Zombies in Ancient Egypt.
More like Playday amiright?
HP Pavillion laptops have to take the cake for heat, you can barbeque your leg in 2 minutes flat.
Caliber too
If it wasn't for the actions of straight white men then nobody would be voting period.
Rank 15 must be fun.
What's the difference between a non existant god and an invisible god that doesn't interfere in our lives or do anything to make his presence known?
Sorry for being a little sour.
What if OP is actually your kid?
Oh you know, all over the place.
Mfw
I'd say they're between hard rock and metal.
I'd like some questions on his views on sexual harrassment.
not sure if shitpost, or incel...
NEEDS 1 MORE 4
Explain more, what do you mean hide them in the ladder hatch?
Golly gee, it's almost like men and women are different.
I love how I've seen that 'viking' image in so many places now, it's probably more popular than Mount and Blade
As is tradition.
Dude that's my joke, you stole it tell them.
On a related note, does Mafia 3 work properly yet?
You say it like we all aren't gonna do the exact same thing.
No, the Democrats created Trump by calling the GOP racist, homophobic, misogynistic, and xenophobic.
I see the lamestream media got to you too
NO DAMN BRAKES
Dragon Pulse master race
if only the mute function on console allowed you to mute enemies... or worked at all, that'd be a great solution
How did you create the wires with the ridges?
Yes, having "too" at the end from the beginning would have been best
I'm glad to hear :)
You must not be a sports fan ;-)
He tries this every match, one has to go in
Spongebob?
So I'm getting the sell vibe from these resoonses.
do the exact opposite of what Youtube "pickup artists" tell you to do, in other words, don't be a douche
Christmas holidays
David*Epic
Ah yes Kim Kallstrom
It was the only reason I could see such a failure at a simple task
Umplayable*
Lakers fans in despair!
After you called someone else boring
Store it away safely until we find a way to get rid of it or reuse it.
OMG Ohio State could beat the Browns!
What memory are you using?
Wow climbing in the UK sounds great
Not just any air conditioner repairman... he is the truest repairman!
But you won't overdose
Yeah but still only half of riders have rated me I am looking at another 900+ drive if that's the case
Not gonna lie, I need a commercial so I can wash some clothes
As a person named Ben, I feel deeply hurt now
member Freddos?
You have no idea what you're talking about
Aha, so YOU'RE the reason they're airing so many political ads
FYI the problem is that they share a driveway that passes by the women's home to get to the garage.
He's gotta renew his contract first lol
You know, for a second I was terrified that you might taint the visage of Glaceon.
No
you see the same in PTR, there is no way to say until we play vs other people of similar skill.
I had a sign if relief when I saw the cat was completely unharmed.
knowing the small amoutn of employees valve has.. it was probably the same employee who made both.
Good game.
My friend just made it to Diamond 5, I am so happy for him, we're both cheering for each other because he reached Diamond and I gold :)
My step-grandfather served in Vietnam, and I'm not even sure he'd understand.
~~"Nothing personal kid"~~ "Your fired" Fixed it
Obviously it's ok to charge for those things because the evil men use them!
Since when do the rules apply to the clintons?
We are all Tims!
Wow Ben looks great
Hey dude at least you have a Brooklyn apartment.
BITCH LEARN TO GET SOME FRAMES THAT FIT YO FUCKING FACE
America is renowned around the world for its humane and fair justice and corrections system!
Says the guy browsing this subreddit.
oh fug is teh Gommunizm :DDDDDD
Walker is better
Oberto Beef Jerky.
how do they make these vidoes, where it's normal speed then slows down to slow speed, then slows back up?
I put coins in customers' hands first, then change.
I have a similar conversation with my 7mo about nursing or pacifier.
FunniestNPhilly_ is his Instagram.. they do this shit all the time.
Everybody do yourself a favor and watch pontypool.
He's in Seattle, in the egg.
How is the pixel
Zionists, you are clearly not woke
Oh, my bad then, thanks for correcting me
Oh, then Hil will be perfect for you...
Please tell me you're not that naive
Naw man it was gonna hook right
*only one *less* than Missouri played.
To me it seems like his right eye is just a bit off
Italian family = lots of stories about family fights, scandals and other shit.
Syrians must be more afraid of this than the summer airshow.
Lol
I now pronounce you gal and pal
The fact that she says "my dear" to the mother in a patronizing tone makes this so much funnier and more ridiculous.
don't worry the flaming debris will rain down on our enemies
Laundering money is illegal.
when your girlfriend comes home drunk and you're already sleeping.
I got a finja from a pack, but I have no good murlocs, so it's basically just waiting for me to open some Warleaders.
Maybe Dr Carson 2020?
Or H.
Rude
Oh we're just not gonna talk about BC now?
I agree
Some people really really seem convinced that Ziggy Hood is secretly an All Pro in the right scheme.
Those Finns jerseys are fucking cool.
I didn't!
She's a keeper
Thanks for the constructive advice bud
Because he learned from Binney (and others) and did it right.
Huh, small world.
Nice, 24 million smurf accounts now!
Top kek, made in card royale in corner
nice, i like tim's "i am a rock" parody thing
This should be on r/upliftingnews
Hasn't Kanye alluded to himself being God?
- Red Dead Redemption 2 - The Winds of Winter (please...)
It's weird because it doesn't look like it's leaking from the pinion area.
Rule 4, reported.
Website checks out.
Worryingly sometimes you can't tell around here :-)
LANAAAAA
Nine Inch Gale Force Winds
I think you mean "*THE* Ohio State"
Yep any comrade not upvoting will no longer be considered my comrade.
Everything is if you want it bad enough
I think you misread, I said EU West, not US West.
Let's agree to disagree.
She's been taking DDG gorl
Oh shit sorry I should have clarified, I'm not talking about domestic fucking terrorists.
I would give that designation to Bell.
It's insane that even in this day and age we care more about his religion than his actual accomplishments and credentials, which btw are excellent
Thanks.
Well according to Trump straight up grabbing the pussy without consent would get any Woman in the mood.
Just got the galaxy s7 for early x-mas...really liking the galaxy series so far...kinda sad i will have to find a different phone next time.
Because you are.
Penalty, breathing!
k.
No
Ryan Fitzpatrick if he repeats last season for the rest of his career
It's supposed to be boys soul, but I keep hearing hole.
I'll show you a log.
Plus it would cost a raid tier
I've only ever seen it in 40s and the 24 oz cans.
CAN'T WAKE UP
last shot of the season is the wall coming down.
It's so easy to say this from behind a keyboard, though.
Thats actually better than 3 different trash cards, if only for the Celestriad that you get.
I dont understand
Nice, thanks!
Roger Goodell and the NFL owners value integrity over money.
Thank you for risking your health to answer this question, for ~~science~~ magic.
Even though most of it looks fake, it is indeed consensual.
I thought the stereotype was that Americans were slightly unaware of the rest of the world's geography, not their own.
Are you sure you're in team yellow?
Yeah, America hates him, so he must've been cool
Custom designed warzones that keep profit cages nice and full for the wealthy overlords.
Only for white people.
E
Things you do on molly: 1) do a 69er 2) make love for 18 hours 3) write creepy textwalls to strangers about molly Seems legit.
well we will find out in 5 hours, wont we.
Agreed, the comedic timing was perfect and not overdone.
Daniel Bryan?
I wonder if that is teams that were .500 when the rangers played them or teams that are .500 at this point of the season regardless of their record at the time.
Jesse was definitely a miscast.
To an extent I agree with you, but at the same time its difficult to say with a straight face how much they in fact matter
Honestly doesn't bother me lol
Why even click on the thread to comment this
The absolute nastiest legal hit any of you will ever see.
Obviously!
Just giving friendly advice.
Most people call that, "a brain".
there's always money in the trophy stand
Quack
Meanwhile the fucking Russian hackers is a black hole on the map.
You just said thanks to icefrog.
Ohhh!
Yes.
I think his main problem was having 0hp at some point :(
Brandon's point which I don't find to be that disagreeable was that guys like Jon Jones make a small mistake and can be KTFO easily.
Yeah most probably, haven't sold him yet so will wait.
Removed for Rule 10.
WHAT IF NO ONE WOULD BRING LINKS THE DREAM
STOP... Hammer time.
More accolades than kennyS Kappa
Seeing how events should be a distraction from the grind yes, im saying its bad.
Yep, bespoke suits from Ermenegildo Zegna or Tom Ford can add up to some serious dollars (starting at $5,000 usually).
Not "all night" though.
I mean, all I can really know for certain is that *I'm* not an NPC.
Siguradong si De Lima nagpapatay dito very obvious eh.
Yes the government did do that with the war on terror
ITT: Cards.
Stop patting each other on the back!
Wait till you transition in to your mid 50's, you'll be up at 2am reading these dank memes.
But it has nothing to do with real world?
just slide to the right and other options will appear
Pretty sure OP wanted to spam a 9gag discord server and not hang out with 9gaggers...
Come on it takes 10 seconds of google.
Where's the bashing?
Aliens is better to watch, Alien is just better as a film.
No Poland has never been invaded and is great friends with Russians and Germans.
I don't see whats wrong with Twentythreeths
Not Enough
Wish had I got on destiny *that one week*
Given how the guy was among the key "inspirations" behind the initial "Gamers are Dead" wave of 2014, is it really a surprise that his attempts to fancy himself a revolutionary aren't working?
I bet the remastered CoD:MW that requires you to own the new CoD has nothing to do with this.
I would have been more interested is the type of cupcake the hossed over; yellow cake can fuck right off, but I'd were taking red velvet or chocolate I'm game.
Brutal
Console for cod and everything else pc, cause we are the master race, of course
No, because suffering squeekers is a serious issue
Source?
I live right next to island...that research is definitely not happening there.
Probs assumed it's a coworker.
MVP!
better ban him
Having a Hukou doesn't make for a nice life either
You lack basic reading skills yet you act like you know better than the makers of the game you play?
You're supposed to teach what constitutes rape BEFORE it happens.
I can't wait to see more.
If you take the time to get into it, you might really enjoy it, super immersive experience
How the fuck does it change anything?
Relevant username
*whip cracks*
Game theory used to be good, now it is struggling to keep an audience other than 5 year olds
[witty_comment_3]
Smh this West Coast Bias is ruining college football
Many wars over trivial things like a dispute over which country's flag is the prettiest.
Good idea, ill give that a shot as well!
*Spawn of the Thread*
Go to Taiwan, best of both worlds.
Estonia looks like it's being slowly ripped apart by a strong wind
That cigarette was OP
I would guess that space legs would come with an update to ship interiors.
gas the infidels!
top tier economic plan.
Glad to see i'm not the only one
No way, bounces back Swords of Revealing Light so you can reuse it, 2 stronk
He still has those sexual assault charges to face in court in a few weeks, so.. maybe?
Thanks for this!
What i remember its 10 minutes or 9:45
I get what you're saying, but you can't just set the shutter speed and ignore the rest; doesn't matter how sharp the photo is if it's solid white or black.
This thread is useless without pics.
You and yours, vs me and mine
for me one of the first pack during the beta was a golden nozdormu , i will always keep him &lt;3
There are only two ways for a game to become an esport, either plain luck or forcing it with lots of corporate money.
youtube $$
Because women everywhere menstruate with the precision of an olympic stopwatch
To those of you who disliked my comment but unable to form a logical counter argument - well done
In the tower you can turn your helmet off in the settings... I keep mine on because I spent all of 14 seconds creating my character.
shaman vs warrior it's my bet
So should I wear a Bridgemen shirt to my BAC audition for brownie points?
pretty sure you didn't get the meme there too
F Ernie Grunfeld....Wiz need to trade everyone not named John Wall and rebuild
is this really a repost of yesterday?
I was just asking for clarification because I have worked in drug treatment as well as having gone through treatment and have never seen any population stay sober close to 50% of the time.
Grammatically speaking fresh would though?
nice!
The only problem was that Bernie isn't a Democrat.
They come read the steps on reddit
What, you don't enjoy facing team after team of hide-and-seekers until the timer runs out?
09900-64015-85267-90715
*RemindMei*
Big buck Hunter for me.
Did the kid get the balloon?
When living so close to the edge it is difficult to believe it would find any more money.
Its not legitimate but they are legitimately people who deserve a home where they can self govern.
Neat clips but I don't think people underrate Conors kicking game, he gets praised for it all the time actually.
And replace "consider shaving" with "actually cut off a foot of a hair with kitchen scissors."
I'm thinking the parents are not much different and won't see any major issues other than the teacher hand their hands on their child.
If we don't blow each other up, that is.
Disable Conclave and play.
Well, a change of a platform like the scripting language for example..
Over priced, wonky parts for the price.
they already outsource the server cluster (and the people to monitor the server) to other people, and it's their responsibility to keep the server up, however look in your own post, you're blaming valve for something that is out of their hands, the only thing they can do at this time would be getting a new host for the server cluster but that would take at least a week
Or even -1 to 0
Sorry, my sides are contesting the payload
Oh, I somehow missed that, just thought he was scratched
You wouldn't have to do that often if you had a billion or two like ole' Donald.
OP is an unarmed vitim.
because hes on his team?
It's like they out-SJW'd her
Well, your dismissive superior attitude certainly helps people accept it.
actually likes you and respects you as a trainer, my bad
Tsk tsk, typical stereotype perpetuation...hopping fences after hours, breaking into the weight room...
I think they were trying to find the worst possible name for a great album.
Is this the new Gus?
Yes Spongebob is a new iOS feature
I didn't vote for Trump you nimwit.
Cos Hilary
Tf2 has toxicity, sure, but with the exclusion of MvM has been far less hostile than any game I've played, save maybe BF.
But this is a liberal website and it's hur turn get over it
It would be a shame that would happen in 7 years to 46 year old Tom Brady winner of 7 super bowls.
go to the division subreddit with that attitude
The first thing I worry about when I'm in a firefight is cost
very fast doggo running at incredible hihg speed
Roads... roods, ro-ads.
And they were the HC and OC in Atlanta, meaning that if you hire Smith back, we will then by nature have to steal one of your coaches in the next few years.
People being told everything is now rape by abused people who think all sex is rape.
Nasa is a shell of what it used to be/could be
Yeah, because there's no hard evidence...
I'm just here to say, "Go Big Blue!"
The key rate may work off of your challenge efficiency.
So 5 PIs a game?
No
I'll pass up on the Sol pick...
Pic of the home button?
Crash logs can definitely contain identifiable information specific to your machine.
The Darksword trilogy by Tracy Hickman and Maragaret Weis..
For a game that makes you feel like a god, the throwing really does bring you back to reality.
For a footballer 6-12 months out after ACL surgery is typical, but it's easy for there to be complications and unless you have details you can't really guess where in that range it will be.
fucking always leith
THE BIG YELLA ONE'S THE SUN!
Adding an image to a Word doc and not have the entire document completely ruined requires a Master's of I.T.... Your boss is right to ask you
The city weeps.
Pretty low hanging fruit this 9/11.
Besonders im Doppel mit Gysi :)
Agreed, avoid Ottawa Tires Direct whenever possible.
I thought they put up with him because they truly believed in the message
I don't know, when Donald's 765 dimensional Rockem Sockem Robots pays off you'll see who's the real mastermind
"It's just white shit" Canadians about snow
That is pretty much reddit.
Ah man I rooted for Lenin in the apprentice.
Can't agree with you more.
Dekkers only flaw is his handles everything else is good
Yes
Idk the Downvotes, it definitely does.
Did you ever do the quests to get access to the forums?
If both rag and Sylvanis are bad in this meta, why are they run in almost every good non-aggro deck?
Seems like it would kill the atmosphere and silence the crowd.
Harden is a point guard
Jumbo zone
Nope.
And if we make it we would just wake up in a desert.
Ladders
To be fair, if I had a capybara, I never would've uploaded the first video I took of me petting it while beatboxing
Increase taxes that should solve our problems.
You basically already could if you just made your own assets.
Buy it locally and when your real one gets delivered just return the first one.
Assuming McCoy is out, would you play Gill over Miller, Freeman, or CMike?
Pretty sure its been split 50/50 for a while
is there a place to watch reruns immediately after the game?
Yeah, it was sarcastic, but the amount of money businesses like that generate (for basically nothing) is staggering.
Yeah but they picked Klaj over Mikyx (2nd in Summer and went to Worlds)
No when the profit reveals that robot polygamy is the new new and everlasting covenant.
they could use solar roadways to power this thing!
wtf is a fat bike
Good point, he has indeed proven that he is a great listener, and that he has great respect for the office.
Since the map shows Crimea as part of Ukraine, it's likely from before the the insurgency.
And the engineer lived.
Waiting in the plaza
"solid steel" proceeds to bend the ever loving shit out of that poor jack lever by smacking it against shit
If I don't leave a trail how will I find my way back?
[Citation Needed]
No problem!
Well clearly you are a failure because you don't have a liberal arts degree
Sign a 1 day contract and retire here plz
Two people mentioned the player base issues and you didn't say what server you wanted to play on
So, you react to criticism of Hillary from the left by attacking the right?
He is, he has talked about it.
we can only hope brother
I was going to do a "my mom came into my room" joke but she is voting Clinton, so after tomorrow she is dead too me!
My immediate reaction was, "So Shane Helms bought the company?"
It's all censored for your protection, you know.
Careful, there's always that one person on Reddit.
Hey op it's me, your cousian.
Well I mean they need something compared to how much attention the grineer get.
olive chinos, white shirt
Why don't we just call it white?
Always the Hand, never the king.
A bunch local grocery, BUNCHES I go to the source.
They're blank covers and usually have no power going to them.
haha, yea, when you see me, you probably have a couple seconds as I attempt to aim while spraying a you-shaped outline of bullets
You are *so* dark and edgy.
Hey look on the bright side, You'll get a good farm out of it!
that makes more sense, bringing it in line with despawn timers on sites starting on warp, not on landing
Test squadron have a forum too.
It's not just visual as the turret won't fire when it's doing it
Ooh... still no chance England could deprive Leipzig of Rangnick?
but, but TOGETHER
Same thing a flare is used for just during the day, and making rainbow streaks across Cherno getting every sniper taking pot shots at you
But... but he's not a politician, he's a businessman... who just wants to enrich himself.
So you agree, mutualism isn't "kind of a mix of the two"?
Fucking Fangio what a baller.
Couldn't they do it kind of like the Memory Link though?
If I had that mane, I wouldn't need to wear anything.
I don't blame him, he clearly has to go get his keyboard repaired!
Better raise smoking and drinking age then.
HE and HEAT usually refuse to penetrate anything that isnt flat non-spaced armor
LOL this may be an actual reason, I'll be sure to flame and rage - for accurate testing purposes of course
expensive doesn't always mean bad.. if you have the isk why not haha
Oh BALLS
Pics?
Assuming it's real.
That gather step into euro is deadly and most annoying thing to watch when he's playing your team.
Thanks!
I think everyone knows what Ryan's issue is but just won't say it (because it's probably drugs and his family wants to save face)
Ignore feature works wonders, and you can't get kicked like in dungeons.
At least you won't have to spend eternity with them
Surprise, we're a bunch of gay men!
Crap is good idea
What's there in Maharashtra other than Mumbai?
TIL Thailand has winter.
Plz post Poem of the Lost Souls OP
I'm so desperate for a new P:C release right now.
I legit cant think of a fullblood nort american midlaner that is good
Well written.
Anything from England is pretty good.
More Limited Unit?
What do you mean stupid, he is a clone.
I'm black and on behalf of my Black people, fuck her.
Clean a side, e21s can burn lol
I love your car
Thanks :)
I don't want it.... I NEED IT
How to get a Awilix achievement: PLAY THE GAME
Luc Bourdon - The league did acknowledge his death but I still would have really loved to see him on the blue line.
Not going to defend Kim, but Kanye hasn't been mentally the same since his mother died.
No, was offering for others to check it out and fly.
Have you noticed a reduction in signal strength/bars where once you had good signal?
No and the parts that are are simply present in more modern and up to date texts
:/
And Donald Trump is off to the races with a strong one vote lead over Mitt Romney!
Who has Milo killed?
U can just plug in an external SSD to the back can't you?
But blowing moist smoke inside to see how cool it looks probably isn't the best idea.
You said no downsides I just said one
I can offer you some love :D, and maybe a couple of twitch follows.
I'll bet if we coated a million $1 bills with poison and launched them into said airspace that most of them would get through and kill more bad guys than a big bullet.
I know people who belong to the community who have confirmed it.
Just to clarify, these are suggestions for where you want to go if you DO want to get yourself killed, yes?
Still better story than fallout 4
This wouldnt be abusable by big tribes at all
No, but as for my comment I was talking about a bigger one, but not one large enough to do any real damage.
Fuck 'em.. they don't pay your bills.
This has come at a good time for me, thanks :)
Only if the Democrats don't suicide themselves again by picking their anointed from the get-go instead of letting their base decide.
This means VOTE
I'll take the down vote to mean its not possible?
Shiro can do it.
lol
#IF... It comes at the cost of sacrificing even a small part of the basic needs of the community.
mine brands every girl who wears short skirts/top as characterless.
thanks for laff
Great response, sincerely.
theoretically, yep.
definitely mexican food
Does CNN have a subreddit now they do?
Shut up and take my money!
Un mio amico sistemista ha invece risposto immediatamente: "se io non la capissi, non te lo farei sapere".
Our contribution of 1% of global CO2 output clearly means we should bankrupt ourselves so all that carbon output can be shifted to China.
There is no crumbing as good as a light, crunchy, golden beer batter.
Bro you don't know that black = no technic
I really want Meri and Janelle to leave the family and get a spinoff where it's about them becoming best friends.
Whew lad, it's working!
Oh no, you would have to use a Blackbeard Team :O
Okay, because it seems like a ridiculous question without this background info.
This comment works on multiple levels
Why don't you have a seat right over there?
Everyone in Korea who wants the jacket are already in challenger or are already being boosted
I think Cruel Bargain or Infernal Contact might be superior here.
Explain please?
It is two-legged, so no they must do it twice.
Teach them all of life's important lessons while tossing a ball around.
off the top of my head : MEG, MPi, BPI, MER, JFC
Didn't we just see this last week?
Sometimes when i play as killer and i see a jake from the distance i see that he have blond hair and when i get closer it changes slowly to dark again
Eso, no me lo imagino por la calle a Scioli.
i mean yeah thats a good reason why it could get countered someone could have facetime, skype etc, or any other form of communicating without group chat will break it
Controversial but I'm gonna stick a fiver on us not leaving after a major stand off and climb down by both the UK and the EU and we all agree never to talk about it again
Story?
Find out who is taking them down and start leaving them in their desk/locker/office
Astept cu interes si interactivitatea masinilor cu aceasta minunata autostrada.
Yea I regret not signing up for Suncoast for free when I was a student.
A meme that says "When you and your cousin go for a walk before Christmas dinner" and shows Daffy Duck and Bugs Bunny with eyes as red as blood
Barack obamber still my favorite
Paying less tax isn't a subsidy when they still pay hundreds of billions in tax...
Rookie mode.
Post that shit to YouTube
Yup.
Could just be masochistic and use a 4X objective with a long enough WD so account for the thicker glass :)
What gun is that?
No orange filter downvoted
I don't have a picture of it but my Chinese flag is also made I Taiwan I had quite the giggle when in arrived in the mail
I just came here to say
who would have thought!
Yeah, I hate free and discounted things too.
Yeah nobody deserves airplanes
That's good, but I have to vote at a Baptist Church so I know they'll try to pull some bullshit on us.
Yeah, well they said that about Obammer, too, and look how he turned out!
Being from the PNW, that's an A+ choice.
I'm 25 am I old?
You dropped this:
I'm all for Kublai Khan over Ghengis Khan, but I know it will never happen.
Football brings it in.
Wow...That Owen Wilson impression was oddly grating...
Not to be a smartass, but that's just normal depth of field...
In this case it was, I wasn't trying to Godwin the discussion, I swear.
Why all these nice things when I cant play D:
Yes, because posting footage of landmine cheesing tanks that don't have people manning the side guns like any tank that is actually a problem for you team is irrefutable evidence that tanks aren't op
I meant all right wingers if it makes you feel better.
He came to collect his repaired iPhone 5s.
k
He's also "an American YouTube personality, vlogger, actor and rapper [and] a prankster..." but I don't see you mentioning that.
My balls are ready to rumble.
literally screams trash
U look 33/m
Eiffel tower!
Already have Titanfall 2, thanks for the help
TIL ducks rape.
James Harrison just received a $100,000 fine for this.
probably hahah
She is older than 19, isnt she?
Big if true
Charge them all with murder
why do people not want to care about this?
Nasus
Anal wars.
5 years.
Something else to feed the anti-mod circlejerk you and your sock puppet cattrump have been pushing, eh?
Lol, i like how they think these long term outlooks based on short term trends mean anything.
A VOTE FOR THIRD PARTY IS A VOTE FOR HITLER REEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Because racism=racism+power Ignore that it doesn't make sense, it's CP math
Cus a vote for 3rd party is a vote for (whichever party you don't support)
We actually only have the option of Teddy because you can only get the Peterson jersey in youth size.... Fuck the NFL seriously every other team has at least 3 or 4 options.
Hilarious.
Nah you gotta be polite, "nice try losers" or something to that effect.
I read one gamenguide article that Google surfaced in my feed and decided not to bother with that site again
Second half spark.
Ah, the true Artorias, struck from the annals!
They're fine as long as they make the s'mores before they toss the dress on the fire.
No shit, of course they played worse since they lost the fucking game.
Thanks for this :)
You think XCOM has mod support
Not ideological minorities you privileged upper-middle class Christian cishet white male shitlord!
Well ok, I was just confused about the nature of his declaration to 5,000 or so people on this sub
But donating to Rudy doesn't that automatically make you support the patriarchy?
HIGHLY UNEDUCATED!
BUT BUT COMEY!
Is the ginger the grandson from that kid in the cher movie "mask?"
just n0thing...
9GAG is the new Ebaums World
I thought it said something about 'i finally did fanart and ended up making a meme out of it'
You guys are both fags, it's all about the GTO.
I have like 190, willing to get more if necessary
I hope you're right.
Hopefully this doesn't turn into Typhoon Cinema 2.0.
Bland is a personality
Some people can still empathize with those who've made bad decisions.
Could of done with 65 agility and summer pie
I admit I have a slight OCD of organising all my files neatly, but porn is where I draw the line.
Oh good, I like seeing your username in these threads.
The deck would be weak enough to not reach legend.
And bug out on the stairs causing you to constantly be in combat with spiders
"Close but no CIG-*bleep*"
Yeah, hope that guy gets AIDS and dies.
Typical Iraqi arsenal fans
That's the impression Im getting too
I'm sorry
It's heavily implied that Bernard is covering it up/downplaying anything to do with Delores out of his own curiosity.
Don't worry, SC is allegedly cracking down on them.
And most of the CTR posters complaining about it are probably posting from iPhones and Macbooks, products of a company famous for not paying income taxes.
Purple rat rods
that episode was fucked up in the end
it's been since 2015.... and I still haven't completed a heist yet.
This is me agreeing with you wholeheartedly!
They still do, it's just that not that many companies want to buy them anymore because they're not the cloudy flavour of the month.
Now google "Zerg Rush" without the quotes.
Were not looking down, were feeling sorry - that person probably has some mental issues or something, and doesn't realize he is sorta getting ripped off
Bama can loose the semifinal and still make it to the finals tweet from Paul.
I"ll let you know if I ever find myself in another relationship...
I can't tell if you're kidding.
Hit 26 today, pls send one copy to my doorsteps too kkthxbye
White Korean KGB agent deplorable uneducated latino praise kek
They won in '05, which was before the Blackhawks existed
Not his imba-OSB?
speed demon
Could be Moluscum, but without a better description of the bumps it's hard to tell.
The arena with the lava pit was only for the underworld event, and it was only after the match was done, a bonus round of last team standing
Sure they should, followed by the two statements she made under oath that it never happened.
Probably good enough!
Crosby for Canada, Koivu for Finland, Ovechkin for Russia, Henrik Sedin for Sweden and Pavelski for USA.
Oh nice another one!
Also have keys if u want them instead of sth
Yeah, his definition of VERY SOON and mine seem to be somewhat different
It really wouldn't matter.
I drive for a living.
92 (190+89)
I meant midrange but do I keep running cotw?
Must be fake, he wrote "chance of having sex decreasing", if you're on 4chan that chance is already 0 and hence can't decrease any more.
Don't worry, he's just play no 54 dimensional chess with lgbq rights
Can't expect more from an alt-right believer, everyone knows that history books are communist propaganda and only alternative media posts the truth.
The brown has quieter key clicks, and I got rid of a blue for that reason.
Why run AP rounds to shoot through cover when you can destroy the cover by shooting it?
Trump, he's not real right?
See your issue is that you had it installed in the first place
Surely that's the issue.
Like legal weed in AZ!
Extreme milk chocolate.
:( if it's left alone will it eventually get its self esteem back?
I wish
Me too man
Get a hazmat suit next visit.
Happy birthday Mocha
"documentary"
I have starlings I feed at work that I get sad for.
I'm trying to figure out what point you're making and I'm just not sure.
Basic damage/critical gear like "Blade of the War God", LoA Knives, RAGS, Ibistick.
CJA
She's lucky, looks thick.
#CONFIRMED
Girls hair is on point
Man we missed a trick there
No, I meant the GTX 1070, but you can actually overclock the refresh rate of the monitor, ough I don't know how to.
Downvote me bby
Anyone who thinks Hillary will 'go after Wallstreet' when they are the ones bankrolling her is more brain damaged than she is
*Prays for Venka Prime*
Because right now there is no government corruption/tyranny
Nope, can confirm that I loved Subspace.
But then you aren't challenging yourself
You also might have gummed up mirror foam- it causes the mirror to stick to it sometimes, and is a pretty easy fix Some cameras also don't have instant return mirrors [they are designed to stay up until the film is advanced], but I can't name off the top of my head if there are any 35mm cameras that do that, just something to look for in case this issue arises in the future if you buy any other cameras
says the person who clearly didn't read his policy papers
My point is that we shouldn't
Because it's not painfully obvious regardless of which country you're in
How much do you weigh and how tall are you?
Well, hopefully we keep the momentum into the third
Nope, flawless on an old Galaxy Note 2 even.
Can we get specialized license plates in NE Ohio that say "The Mecca of Dead Malls"?
And would also theoretically require that vpn tunnel pass thru be enabled, I would think.
Her E is a snare tho...
The shoes are still good, someone should save them and wear them
Actually right now.
But why you guys so rich, jews own half the world
Honestly, you're going to have a hard time with UHD/1080p with the Stick, just not enough power.
I believe they are past their expiration date now.
WHen I say POOT
I got that super based!
Or..or we all remember so when the next sean Murray comes out crying out of ea we kick him to the curve before he gets the chance to talk.
fuck off with the gary johnson shit seriously it's not the time for your precious meme candidate the fucking country is dying
PSA: If Florida is within 0.5%; Automatic Recounts Take Place
why did you copy and paste this comment in multiple threads expressing concern over the change in wikileaks?
That might prevent wireless charging though.
Family Size
I think he forgot the
Looks like he got all ball to me
Up vote for power naps
Dude what?
My flair.
Never, I only got called Jake The Snake in my younger years.
Happy Birthday!
I already texted my boss and told him I was leaving at ten on Monday.
"Have you tried just ignoring it??"
You don't want Floyd to be too high on himself, it's important for the coaching staff to stay on the young guys and make them earn it.
FUCK YEA DUDE FUCKIN SHOES ARE PRO MODELS GET ON MY LEVEL YOU WOT M8 I BALL HARDER THAN SHO OULLETTE I RODE TEUTONIA ON A DINGHY
let me know what dying alone feels like
Yes like playing bumper bikes with him at mugello.
No one could ever guess my hobby.
I am confused by all the scoring.
because
I hope not
Never underestimate the DNC's ability to pull off 200% voter turnout in key counties.
This picture gave me wood.
He was a Nacro Terrorist not just a drug lord
Those 'stupid' comments come from people who've made the mistake of living in places designed for looks, not living.
Be safe out there!
As a fan, so that there's easier access to it.
I want him to tweet "WAKE UP HILLAAAARY" at 3:30am so badly.
Keep millions of Americans locked up in slavery.
Canned tuna maybe?
Until it goes to sleep next to you...
Is that what we're christening that play?
Thanks but no credit here.
Well whatever he did I'm sure it was worth murdering him
probably adding a few votes for hillary here and there
Lucky you.
Sure, but the point was that "the media" isn't out to get Tesla like many here believe
What We Do in the Shadows
Kink-shaming is bad
You're saying that it would make sense to make it a crime to play an 18+ video game underage JUST because you don't like playing with kids...
I did find it on Youtube, but I was hoping to view a licensed version.
Alright and the that would be 165 shipped?
it's funny cause he didnt wear that one for part of the episode
As secretary of state, clearly she makes miniscule decisions on security at one small embassy in a volatile region instead of leaving it to professionals...
carl the cuck's mother's husband
'Member what happened last year?
If being a patriot means being screwed in the head, if I ever go sane I want you to shoot me in the back of the head twice with a barbell
You know exactly what you did, Hans..
***oh toy cHICA OH YEEEEEESS OHHHHHHHHHHHHH***
But they were just little mistakes!
yes it is m8
Miss those days -- so many fond memories listening to Laker games on the car radio with my dad.
What happened?
Tooltip too complex :P
She's just holding the loot box, so they didn't make anything extra for it.
**WE THE WHITE HOUSE NOW**
The ring that's never visually in focus?
Imo supports are in a really nice spot now but i think items could be better, most of them dont even feel impactful
You don't have it plugged in while it's in there, of course.
W E W L A D E W L A D
Or perhaps a rational hope that it will backfire, and the judicial branch will finally impose some restraints on unconstitutional action by the executive branch.
This guy jacks
Hmm got any links ?
Over the last edge for Putin's Russia means nukes falling.
Might wanna talk to someone mate.. I know its a pain and you probably think you can cope, but you talk about this shit when your sober, your drunken self wont go there.. or if it does, it can help you deal a little better.
Hay unos baratongos.
I wouldn't call 7-7 "suck".
With an extra shade of brown in their pants now.
svenskjavlar!
le "what if blacks/whites/women/old people/young people didn't vote" meme.
I honestly fear that we will see some sort of a civil war in the United States a decade from now.
If it didn't then we wouldn't have sexual reproduction!
We had one for the 81 team tonight.
it isn't.
Fox really isn't that much better until you're good enough to run train on 12 year old you with anyone.
No backsies!
Well it's not like Jill fucking Stein won the election, did she?
Also, I imagine that it's just a genuinely bad idea to do that ad hoc intra-board RF, as it could be messed up just by someone holding a phone near it and probably wouldn't pass government certification for interference
i shoulda put a
Win7 Classic theme.
Strictly talking about the EDM spectrum in no particular order i would say the following albums: Kaytranada- 99.9% Boys Noize- Mayday Leon Vynehall- Rojus Lone- Levitate Tim Hecker- Love Streams Sepalcure- Folding Time
Is it a work of significant artistic achievement?
I had one flee so I guess they must have increased the flee rate to 100% again, right?
I love that you're being downvoted for telling people to do things legally
Yeah I cut down to one almost instantly, i still like 1 tho it just adds a bit of extra cycle
Perhaps because there's no future to come from?
Ok
because he needs something to cheer him up
interstellar*
need to beat palace and West ham first.
Nah, 55 million people just all happen to be retarded.
Yeah, did they actually think insulting their political opponents and calling them evil incarnate will win them over Farage, Duterte, and Trump?
Swingin' in the southern breeze
Ok good for you.
Cause fuck Man United?
They were forced into a loose loose election by having to choose between a clown and a criminal.
Top kek, top kek.
More like the curtains from the Lincoln bedroom that she stole after she and Slick Willy left the White House in his term.
About the only counter-measure to low voter turnout i know is compulsory voting like in Luxembourg or Brazil.
This time is different though.
commute then lol
Yeah, not really
Bast friends until the very end.
Yea, I am also quite confident that gun ownership will make a huge difference in the quality of life you will have in the next years..
That hip fire 0.0
Alsof die dieren er opeens 'bij' zijn gekomen..
This is why the US used to have a eugenics program.
lol No.
Yeah, it's only "extremely efficient" because Google bothered to optimize V8.
I called someone a "dumb fuck" on Club Penguin when I was 9.
So many oppression points!
sure but topics get tagged as proRussia often for other sources than RT (and for other mentioned countries too) while western sources newer get tags proUSA or proUK etc - I presume that was OPs reason for opening this topic.
Why would he want to deport the most talented and unique US citizen in history?
I love how anyone people don't like are the antichrist
This subreddit gives complaints about consistency and ranked and balance and the ladder and event timing and tavern brawl repetition and Iksar feels the need to *ask for our input*?
Dodged and burned poorly.
Hey now let's not expect this guy to use the English language
Exceeded expectations.
Well, you can ask Alan Turing about that.
There aren't even any building around...
I use Z, X, C, V, B, R, F and i have character panel on H because I got used to it when playing GW2.
Love how his footsteps line up with the beats of the music
What the hell does Michelle's face have to do with anything?
A hacker who teleported behind me and backstabbed me with the name "Nothing personell"
I wouldn't know.
And reminding me to pick up my absentee ballot in the very near future
You're the best.
The red horse was a nice touch, i with they kept that for the wheels and side badge too
He could be the poisoned Skittle.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN.
Dozens!
Remember, ~~Han~~ Hanzo shot ~~first~~ alone
#Triiiiiiiggered
He was born as troll but raised as human.
That's the reason why he was able to spin "Crooked Hillary" so easily... no one was reporting all the dirt on his as a businessman, because no one was listening to the fact that that speaks to his very questionable character, they just saw "well he's not a crooked politician"... nope, just a crooked CEO, who I'm *sure* has the peon's interests at heart, just like he's shown so many times in the past.
So he can showcase his worth and bring the price up in the summer
Well it took him forever to forgive Beverley and he did.
Can't wait to see the meme machine.
you forgot to add
Everything is fucked get to your bomb shelte.
It's never easy.
True, but i believe the reason qualcomm doesn't want to give nougat to older flagships is because of the gpu compatibility issue, the thing is both of the snapdragon 800 and the 801 use the adreno 330 so in this cases the nexus 5 is relevant
Beeeeeeeeanz
Having angry strangers talk to me.
Not as exciting as Donald trump winning the election!
Your Reddit activity will now be watched for saying that
To be fair, how would the black electorate have responded if they knew the truth about Bernie's civil rights work instead of being smeared (rather artfully) by HRC surrogates?
How is this relevant to Cleveland?
Fuck the Wasington post, owned by slimy Bezos (Who backed Clinton heavily, yet still lost).
Lo siento, estamos construyendo un muro para contener el flujo.
It's been a little less than a year since JB and Nando have been up there... What's the issue ?
Chat shit get banged
I'm trying to use it as much as i can to either teach liberals, or destroy reactionaires.
Oye EPN predijo el resultado mejor que todos los analistas
No :( I didn't see gameday, gonna have to look it up
Put that 12 gauge down a take a hit.
It's a trap click it
I imagine every time she tries to she's likely overcome by a debilitating nosebleed and acute tinitinitis
The Fist of the North Star and Vampire Hunter D movies were my first introductions to anime (thank you summer late night Sci-Fi Channel anime showings!!)
Because a piece of dirt in Wyoming is as important as 3,000 voters in California.
That's not how R&amp;D counts it but you make a pragmatic point.
If I had a nickle for every time someone with a phone under the recommended requirements called a memory crash a "bug" I could buy them all new phones.
Yes, let's bash the educated because that would make our country better.
Wouldn't surprise me, he always does well on teams like that (Denial, Tempo Storm, Conquest).
Watching over you.
Dude I grew up at the tail end of Apartheid and even I have stories which would make you die inside a little.
If you're using the Steam version, stop using it.
Two steps ahead of you, racist.
Whoa wtf?
I believe walls also prevent spawns (in most but not all cases), so you might get something by *blocking out the sun*.
It's fucking Percival!
That cunt must be having a *red day*.
Verdammt, Plan erkannt ;)
Her not giving a speech to her supporters last night should speak volumes about her character.
Google stole my bike!
The one with that Indian star that got its visa denied
Soon enough that will be a theme marathon.
Adorbs.
I rang them up, it should be ok.
assuming that public dollars aren't being used to subsidize
EDIT : Update, they are allowing the notes to be accepted till tomorrow, but with a rider - this money cannot be refunded, and max upto 3000 (Though why would anyone want to deposit 3K is beyond me - since 45 trip pass is 950 INR)
Giant Meteor has a compelling platform.
**salute**
The fact that people think all of it is correlated is also a headscratcher.
Or the people who think Trump's is 156
Thought it was 9.
Made up sounds more believable than what is probably happening in actuality.
I mean the Eagles and Cardinals fans probably don't love it either.
No problem.
Melbourne FTW!
Dark humor is half of the enjoyment of CK II
Intimidated or not, stop making excuses for people like that it's disgusting.
If you do it immediately afterwards yeah but apparently alcoholics do this and then go and try and down a fifth and a lot of them end up back at the hospital because they got alcohol poisoning from their blood being thinned out
That's why it has so many upvotes..
Soul=/=money
Liberal here, I think he's done an incredible job so far.
Beyonce doesnt come cheap!
He *is* a small bag of sugar :3
Except when he's declaring everything the dodgers do is shit or illegal and openly rooting for the Nats on a national broadcast we all have to listen to...
When you know zero about something, every conversation is "far reaching"
He's already tweeted that
Sounds like a foundation with some burnt beams on top of it with an acre of land.
Glad to see Linux finally getting some attention.
Thanks for your insightful contribution.
Agreed.
I broadly agree with a lot of things people here already said, but I would like to add that I admire his stance of free speech.
I thought they were just flipping gang signs.
There is CERTAINLY a viable mechanism in place judicially... The Supreme Court absolutely can overturn it's own decision if someone challenges their previous ruling in a lesser court and has their case elevated to the SC.
What's funny is you probably said that as a joke, but you're probably not wrong.
I want that shirt hahaha
bae.
I second this motion.
Meant medal, sry
Like America
The DNC is going to start listening to him now, right?
"Heil honey, I'm home!"
Mockchain
Sure I'll see what I can scribble tomorrow
Of Life
Personally, I'm going to be grabbing a few girls by the pussy.
Thanks based french folks
Fuck you for having an opinion different from mine...
well there are 2 sides to moore's law, and that is the cost to manufacture electronics will double roughly every 18 months
dark kermit meme: open it!
illinois... probably working on the hiv epidemic to keep up with the joneses
Sorry you're too poor for one
Oh dear, I didn't realize I forgot to zip.
Or the Bridge Guardian!
Yes
probably not.
Is Papelbon still available?
Give it a lick.
But you can breathe the oxygen they create.
I brought an 8th of weed..WHAT HAPPENED TO MEeeeeee!
Yes, America is longing for an even MORE biased media!
I jcan just hear her now saying "Well, he kept the buses running on time."
"My music tastes are inferior"
I love me some puppers, but maybe a scholarship foundation would be a better use of funds.
Can you add to clarity, instead of adding to the alleged confusion?
This is an issue, but the more pressing issue is the terrible primary system that let Trump and Hillary, two of the worst candidates we've seen in a long time, become the only options.
Funny how such a small team has managed to make the most impressive and polished Early Access game I think I've ever seen, yet you see huge teams with massive budgets making unfinished/unplayable games that never get any updates.
I'd totally use that over my long loved Season 3 Championship ward
I don't have any songs on Monstercat so none
If we ever crawl out of this swirling fascist black hole, I hope the administration creates new laws like, requiring tax returns to run for high office, and make blind trusts MANDATORY.
They're having a lot of help from trolls, shills and some real people who are really stupid.
They've created a new sub - r/mr_trump Filter that shit too
It's a good thing marijuana is legal and cures everything, including getting hit by a drunk driver which is unpredictable and never happens to anyone ever.
So does it mean you get 20% more from the 100$ card (aka you get 120$ instead) or does it mean you get 20% more from your sale
git-r-done
This fills me with so much rage that I don't even know how to rationally respond without mention of sharp objects and deep holes.
Morde Jungle/Top can work pretty well with the right teamcomp and I totally agree that Kindred is fine solo carried a game a few days ago Kindred can snowball incredibly hard and IMO its ok that you need to take risks to get ahead although her early isnt as dominant anymore, before she got nerfed constantly her early gane was way to strong
Are they Sean Murray'ing us?
They're being laid off from life.
Yeah for sure
Yes, because the answer to bias and discrimination is certainly more of it.
In his defense, nothing about this post seemed satirical to me, never assume people catch your sarcasm, always add the
Woo hoo!
That's some shit you use when you break up as a Hail Mary
I wonder who would be "nominated" as the Resource Minister?
You seem to be confused about the number of armed citizens versus the number of police officers.
Was this a lesbian relationship?
Honestly mobile qbs are overrated but if you insist... Your best choices are cam newton base or christian ponder.
Good.
Neutrality privilege?
And to keep them snow Mexicans out.
2016, just stop, please.
Curious how that all-powerful, all-seeing god couldn't come up with a nonviolent solution.
Must be fun when one of them has to VPN to another site that uses a 10.x.x.x IP.
holy fuck that guys pecs have gotten messed up!
Know thy enemy's weakness and strike them at the heart.
Hell no
How I feel about this is: Argh!
To be fair he *did* call her "hunni" That'll set just about anyone off
Apparently it's the most flavorful part of the penguin.
Is this cuck rick?
survive the disasters and every single cart ride game
Yeah, those pesky preists standing up for life should be silenced.
Terets?
Lol, talk about identity politics
nah he featured George W Bush in No Role Modelz
That girl is a real crowd pleaser
Is this real life?
We need a liberal Hitler!
*Wooosh* I believe he dropped an
Femthor?
Yeah, how else are they going to have an excuse to loot stores and attack white people?
And then got the guy that represented their views the least the presidency.
don't worry natural selection should kick in soon
Put some superglue in between the button and what's under the button
ELI5 on ELI5 pls
Who wants to see nothing happen?
I remember when Aaron Rodgers came into the league and the Packers didn't start him because he's a bad QB.
That doesn't make sense there is only 5 players on a team.
They probably caught him using the new GPS chips installed
Not anymore, but it's traditional marriage pretty much universally.
Not really surprised, but appreciate the confirmation from wikileaks.
IQ tests are rigged
# ;)
No, those effects would only apply to totems placed by your guardian, which it can't do.
You may want to report your parents for child abuse.
Holy shit I never realized how awesome the AMG looks in white...brb gonna edit my iRacing skin...
So far this season WVU has won more games in Morgantown than the rest of the cfb combined.
Because you definitely want a country with a nuclear program backed into a corner.
That's...kinda gay..
He is lying, and because of that he won't provide proof.
Gee staying at home and those protest votes are really paying off!
I'm really hoping you just forgot your
The songs grow on you too, wasn't too impressed until a few days later when I found myself humming "You're Welcome"
You won't steal our quotes that easy ~me
By the time Module 4 rolls around, which is the only section that, mechanically, would challenge a merfolk's aquaticness, the party should have enough magic and magic items to help facilitate the land-going fun times.
A womans knees is more important than these people, so please shut up.
LOOK AT ALL THOSE FUCKING WHITE PRIVILEGED M*N WHERE ARE ALL THE GAY MUSLIM TRANSGENDERED WOMEN!
Don't you know it doesn't count as racism if it's against white people?
Oh gotcha, but I'm assuming once opened you have about a week to finish it?
Bigly
I don't know about my goofiest genres I've ever heard but some variations of future bass can get weird
aww that was nice of your parents, need more people willing to care for rescues and adoptees in this world
Micron RAM runs at it's rated speed just as well as everyone else, overclocking is never guaranteed.
Fuck all of these states.
Obviously successful means winning
Kid probably doesn't want to smell wet dog all day
True, but the minimum sentencing that The Clintons put in place was a leading cause of the race disparity in prisons, and that's ironic because BLM are largely Clinton supporters.
Yea, that's for his interviewer to say.
On the bright side if he destroys the environment your field will be in high demand?
I'm still holding out hope that he's actually tyrese.
They are all corrupt criminals that should be in prison, except maybe Carter.
What specifically about their "demands" is "insane/retarded"?
just for precaution.
It's Grandpa Bernie dammit!
"Get your back, off my knife"
same.
JRHNBR?
The Maya peoples used to use Cacao as a form of currency, they valued it more than gold apparently.
Downvoted because you're better than me!
Another fair and balanced piece from the Daily Mail, I guess that they're taking a break from hiding in the bushes outside Prince Harry's house.
Yeah because the truth is trolling.
Don't think so
That's why they're aiming for a release this year I suppose, so these cards rotate out faster, thus generating more income due to higher card fluctuation
I think PayTM might be a good start I haven't tried it tho
Winning the US election with only about 22% of the popular vote
From many yards away, it was clear he was looking at just her and not all of them as a team.
I really hope that committee Trump forms to investigate pay to play, goes after this
Oh, gotcha Thanks heaps!
Can someone tell me what happened recently between Obama and Russia that involves starting a war?
Could offer it inbetween leagues when theres only standard
You probably mean _Leningrad_, comrade.
Lol Wut?
OMG thank you that was close
So everywhere but Montana
That's some quality political discussion ya got going there
He probably hired people to befriend her
EskimoBellhop
It's ironic how conservatives are freaking about this after threatening a civil war if Hillary won.
Black and gold is all the rage in American soccer branding these days...
Yeah, ideally someone could hold a broomstick against your back/butt/etc.
Stop fat shaming animals!
*Smack Smack Smack* THIS PIANO SUCKS
T-T-Those birds didn't vote for m-m-mean ol' Donald DRUMPF.
No, it was the media
How to get Medic level 10 in one easy step
Trent Williams used PEDs.
Hahaha take that Overwatch!
Blink twice if you need rescuing.
Point proven.
As a gym owner - I dream of zamboni floor cleaners
And we're all supposed to know your house jargon, got it.
I'm just curious, is there any justification other than good PR for Microsoft to do this?
Or a serpent mini...
Let's hope Zoro is not in charge of the group then, otherwise the earliest they will meet is Raftel.
Well, stop screwing around and do more sciencing.
you do realise he's a transvestite, sort of.
Cause I'm in r/"news"
Because its the only way
Wrong^TM
Overclocked my 60hz to 80hz and could feel the difference easily, its persuaded me to upgrade to 144hz soon.
It doesn't strike me as unreasonable that in order for a establishment to be able to sell food / drink, it should be safe enough not to kill you.
Turret*
;)
no dock icons
Hurr durr Trump sucks, dats why
Cuz woymen are da best
The only 'sport' where you can play patty cake, chew tobacco and wrastle.
To be fair, more people in this country cast votes for Hillary than Trump.
Technically the government conspired against him by negligence
I don't get why a charity accepting foreign money is a problem though.
Is there any possibility your mother runs a methamphetamine empire?
Also First Past the Post and partisan controlled primaries.
Ignorance
Gotta be clever if you want dat sweet karma boiiii
Money well spent
You'll need to pay but there will likely be wifi available where you're staying.
Twitter will get eaten by Google, Microsoft, Comcast, AT&amp;T, Apple, or some other large conglomerate that will accept the monetary losses for the information it gathers.
We are attending a wedding tomorrow, and the dress code is "Not Jeans" this will be interesting.
HE couldn't afford the milk anyways at the lower wage $1.23*(1-0.23)=$0.95
He totally got off the throttle, dude
an unfunded $4 billion subway station makes perfect sense!
It's a leak, he has more studying to do.
No holster, no belt, no problem.
Your comment makes no sense.
The Rake's Song however...l
and 600 murders a year.
But...but...but....calling him out on these things is what got him elected.
"I can't find any info on Trump ever being under criminal investigation, or him being drunk at a club (only Hillary), or scandals- so hard to find, where can I find this aside from Hillary's info?"
You need to have 5 EU players like Splyce
I thought it was reviving trump tube steaks
luckily, there will be no wall so hope you enjoyed the trump train while it lasted.
Translation: I'm talking out of my ass and have no evidence to support my assertion apart from my FEELZ
Is it a weird trick?
Perfectly reasonable response to a bigot such as yourself
Nobody claimed it was voter fraud, they said it was election fraud.
Can you give me the location of this grave so I can piss on it?
Same here, drinking doesnt calm me down, riles me up
It's the same story, with this uncommon opinion of mine.
Yeah, the Democrats are the ones that want to destroy the internet.
Where non democrats voted for the weaker candidate.
I respect your opinion, but I can't see the reason for forming it.
In a way yes, but she's being told if she loses he's going to work to imprison her, bringing up bill s affairs, bringing up accusations of sexual assault against bill (which I don't know if they're trite or what she knows our doesn't know about them).
Unless Russia has indeed overrun Alaska and Canada in the last few years, yeah, definitely.
Why would they do that when they can get an interest free loan from a gaggle of internet schmucks?
Oops, guess I thought there was no way that was the case and did not bother to check.
Maybe there is a God after all.
Maybe the state should invest in a video game company
agreed
also, forgot to say that i have a X Accuracy on my aggron
Oh shit.
I didn't even know they had stopped.
totally, yes...i can understand that...yet i feel trolled by RNG/banner :(
Shitpost
You just can't have something good happen to someone without making about you, can you?
Petroleum doesn't really require a terroir like food products do
Mi ricorda la cucina di Food Emperor ^^pls^^fa^^che^^sia^^lui
You drink a two litter sprite with the lean and smoke a ton of weed Then sleep for like 16 hours
My reviews on the $199 toshiba 4K tv
Oh good one
Too soon.
Boo hoo mines 25 mins walking in all directions.
You pronounced every word in your show wrong.
I'd Tove Love you to kys
He played this at one of his sets a while back, hyped AF
Damn I woulda thunk that if *anyone* could replace an old dinosaur on the floor that had clearly lost a step, it would be pau
Pretty sure ryze will get 3 more visual updates before swain does, which means 18 ryze skins before the next one for swain.
It would be easier if Finland actually existed too.
Because women being in misery and agony 24/7 is *so* attractive.
Singlets
Bush league
City folk just don't get it!
fake news
The drawing is pretty good, but it's really hard to see the dress over her abdomen.There's a weird optical illusion like her tummy is bare, but the dress doesn't make physical sense in that case.
But we don't engage in leader worship.
It's the only key to shit post and show everyone your rare pepes.
I'm thinking about starting a chapter at my university.
I use 1stBank.
... holy crap that is awful
Oh my heart :(
Listen to 21 Savage and become enlightened
Hey if Eli can so can Rivers.
***ABOLISH THE ELECTORAL COLLEGE FOR REASONS***
Obligatory Guilty Crown post.
Happy cake day
You might know you're a fag, but does your wife?
Judging from the comments I see on Trashy posts, I had grown to assume Trump's attitude was fairly common.
Better start looking for another job then... The wildwest didn't have attorneys!
There's actually a large amount of us, it's just that the "tolerant left" has become so damn aggressive we want nothing to do with them.
How hard do you think he resisted the urge to yell FHRITP?
You can use a can opener to open that can.
Questionable
Username checks out
the real question is, how's the stew?
You're going to die.
And listen to his INDIAN.
Teeth could be better.
I've only ever used 600 gigs of my terabyte limit and that's with my library of 221 steam games, YouTube habits, and Netflix addicted girlfriend.
...You know it's fake, right?
But when I disagree with someone, it means that his post adds nothing to the discussion.
To be fair, what else is he supposed to to say?
Most people slow gifs down as if we're too stupid to understand what's going on But this OP... this OP likes to go FAST RarestParrot
I saw her too!
The fundamental forces of the universe conspire to let Barry slap as many asses as he wants, regardless of physics.
Great, now I can make Five Nights at Minecraft with it!
Didn't know that lore was now used as ammo for cannons.
Magic Voodoo Water: Homeopathy
Oh my god he is coming on to you this is why you're single
So far, appears to be a steady diet of "Shoot the messenger".
Haven't had it for 5 years as of then you still weren't missing much.
Makes sense since everything is so damn expensive in Australia.
lol
"The suspect was wearing camouflage clothing, and carried pepper spray and a very large rifle" - so clearly he was a victim of police violence and protests will commence downtown shortly.
Your comments are unhelpful: how am I supposed to be outraged at this?
What's love got to do with it?
Pasta, or in general Italian food
Yeah I don't like anything about Trump, but this is bullshit.
Doesn't help that Dishwasher is known for predicting things eerily accurately and made some rather ominous (and very well made) art featuring him and Ruby.
Wow, way to ruin it for me...
SOME I BELIEVE ARE GOOD PEOPLE
You mean Anti-trump rioters, right?
Our defense is pretty bad, as well as everything else.
#FUCK IT, WE'LL DO IT LIVE
He's not trying to be funny
I assume things got pretty hairy after that
I did space on wins in this scenario; stupid of me when I remembered that was the first tiebreaker in the post-match thread last night.
Yeah those redneck yokels.
Never go full needful
In Dutch its: You learn it on an old bike, which is kind of obvious, as we've got more bikes than ships.
Based
Is Sex On Fire and analogy for STDs?
Even her lies tell lies about lying.
Works up to a Beaufort 8 scaled storm
A lot of things that 17 year olds do would make you blush...if you're a prude.
Something Comey and the media did their very best to encourage.
Oh shit, that sucks
It also comes with a little Lockpicking kit and everything.
She's not dropping out, so I still prefer her.
HMU?
You've already wasted your time posting bullshit on reddit.
Taco with the Nirvana t-shirt
I tried it out on weapons range with a friend, it isn't possible.
Nah man most of the country is racist and sexist, social media and online journalists have told me so, also Obama wasn't even a true PoC because he had a white mom and her whiteness infected him and made him evil.
Nah they're not reps or disillusioned middle class workers or even angry Bernie supports who voted for the party, they're literally Nazis and they're building FEMA death camps for every minority group RIGHT NOW!
Can't believe that bastard is appropriating black culture like this!
Well I mean he's Literally Hitler so he can do whatever he wants right?
Probably because human/host heads are not so readily detachable/reattachable.
Additionally, Pence was a nod to the Republican establishment and evangelical voters who may have stayed home instead of voting.
Yeah, they should make rocket deal 30000000 damage to king towers, because i have bad aim and sometimes i miss
You are singled handedly responsible for the downfall of the gay community how dare you
It's easy to change MyFitnessPal on desktop, I don't think you can change it on the app
Makes up for jaba the leadoff hitter
That's because children require the approval of their peers, and emotionally mature adults do not.
Incorrect
Sounds like thats just you... I have my fair share of experiences with the contrary.
Zilean, Thresh and Volibear
My wish?
I was wondering the same question, thanks for answering so politely.
White people don't get offended because there are no truly dehumanizing stereotypes for white people.
Holy crap, I saw ram around 50-70$ regularly for 16gb (2x8) over the summer, and just bought some like september for 50 something, And now it's around 100+...
It's all good.
Cookie-puss, I will eat your soul!
Fuckin with people is not the same as censorship.
You don't have a rug?
Reading Plath makes me want to stick my head in an oven.
He's the ill-fated red shirt of Destiny.
I believe he was talking about the old standard, non Tenno-ified Burston model.
er... it's not women who are being "diminished" - its *men*.
IDK my plan name in Australia but I get unlimited but its like 24 Megabits down .1 megabits up...
the christian Taliban
Looks like you dipped a Quaver in some tomato sauce and stuck it to your toe.
After all the negative posts about the shrinking library size it's good to see someone Correcting The Record by sharing posts about the stats the public should focus on when thinking Netflix!
It's pretty easy how they reconcile it, I can give you a detailed response but I'm not sure you'll appreciate it and you're just being jovial.
Please I must see AJ Styles' My space profile.
Cat.
Not a big Katy perry fan eh?
FOR GREAT HARMONY!
I hope I don't have an issue in January =(
Smh fake Canadian didn't even have Canadian bacon
DSL has been aok here in the Glebe.Better than ever actually
HiRez owes all of us a gazillion gems!
K bullets OP nerf immediately Dice pls
Looks like they don't deliver to Greendale :/
very clever, I don't know about the game but have a good play whoever claims it
I know, I was hoping the song (the French version) could be found online somewhere, but I can only find the original, which is in Russian
Mars never had a really good cleaning, Terra on the other hand experienced cleansing by nuclear fire, multiple times
He is disabled on pbe anyways
But remember folks, we had to stick it to Hillary!
Thats because DC is expensive and most of them live in NOVA (north Virginia)
Right... because Reagan and Nixon were both stable intellectuals with only the countries best interest at heart...
Oh how this brings back happy memories of 2004 and 2008, only then such posts were meant to be taken seriously.
Birth place of the employee
That sounds dangerous because you could lose somthing by being attacked
Tesla will also be out all kinds of subsidies and research grants from the government to keep costs down.
"I'll lose MMR and get demoted next season."
ITS FUUUUUCKING RAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAWWWWW
Jesus Christ , this is why people are laughing at pizzagate
I play on PS4 and I don't have trouble finding matches.
Weirdest hairline ever.
Every goddamn thread.
What is a joke?
Well, most of the classic rivalries (Cards-Cubs, Yankees-Red Sox, Giants-Dodgers) would no longer exist, unless you did a massive re-structuring of the NL and AL.
Red Dead 4: Gushing Granny
no that is the "picture mode" not the "display mode" there should be another option
So, will future generations become progressively genetically screwed up because of inter-familial breeding?
This show doesn't get nearly as much love as it should
So I don't think they can have a CAM unless 1) MDL is the target forward (he shouldn't be) 2) they go to a 3-5-2 formation or 3) they play a 4-4-2 diamond.
You're not wrong
Unless your WR1 is Nuk.
Same, but it's cuz my stupid gallbladder gave out on me.
Wonder what she was called after that...
"Make racists afraid again" Who's wearing the masks again?
I'd want a bigger AG but hey, if he can hump the tripod, barrel and 600rds, it's all good.
Can I still fire up Matty Ice and Freeman?
Yeah sure if Brock Osweiler wasn't playing
Because red is the color of their competitor AMD so they have to brainwash use to only see green, Nvidia's color.
Always duck face.
Chasing an American football.
I'd be pretty surprised if anyone can look good while having explosive diarrhea.
**Chieftain randomly breaks down**
These numbers aren't sustainable.
Sweet, I can stop waiting for pedestrians then!
ancaps_irl
thedonald told me 50 or so, I'm sticking with it.
Ya he's probably literally hitler
That was the best part!
Verlander for Kershaw.
It just sounds to me like you're not into orgies.
Just clean the house thoroughly and all your sins will be redeemed...until next time.
Sounds like you're a bigot who doesn't like foreigners
Again, you can't teach 7ft...I hate that injuries lead to busts...
That's libertarian, not conservative.
After seeing what happened Tuesday and the ugly incidents since, why would anyone put any faith in white people at all?
(Sigh)
[no, but you need to complete their trials to beat the Kahuna of each island, after beating him/her you move onto the next island](#spoiler)
Try Gidget the Midget in *A Midget on Milligan's Island* on for size.
Where do you live?
The rest of the country just has no idea what's supposed to be that beverage or how it ought to be server!
Most often, a good villain is the hero of their own story.
Not a particularly large human though...
Fuck yeah.
They let me fail when needed.
Yeah, I don't think Kirby would have stayed with us through the post season but-for the fact that we were preparing for the national championship.
Wow he sounds umm, Progressive?
Well she is married to "the first black president."
straight fuckin aerated
That's if you can even call it murder, but k.
Would love to get that aswell, do you mind sharing?
He's talking about MTV's YouTube channel, not The_Donald.
Fossil fuel produced electro shock so that's ok.
Did you just assume his grammar?
Dumpster is always my favorite example, because it *still* blows my mind.
It's better to attack this problem from the source but then that means regulating the output from the farmers.
Wrong, the democrats just run corrupt, republican light candidates who no one wants to vote for in the midterms.
Oh I thought you booked the one recently which had like 10 places with spots but people used script or other methods to get an appointment
*wild west music plays*
thanks
maybe not ANY range, but it should be a bit higher range than it currently is.
Looks like a BF2142 map.
It depends on the kind of asshole you are fucking in the asshole
Wait... I'm confused, didn't that say You are out of order a second ago?
How much to ship to 33880?
No worse than what I'm already doing ;)
This is gonna make me vomit I swear
I think you mean "thanks Obama."
Bernie Sanders is an Independent.
It's always funny to see erudite westerners talk about these two "isms" as if they were mutually exclusive, formal systems of thought.
Well there is always the posibility that Ford is himself a host, and then that opens another can of worms as to who is pulling his strings.
I thought it was a choice... If they don't want to be gay they can just decide not to be right?
Oh... well that makes sense since Canada is so homogenous with no one living there but white Christians... O_o
I'm still chasing the 1 plate OHP but Im squatting 3 plates #Trex :(
Homo Genius material here.
I can't believe you just came for queen dani who ENDED U BTW lawama cancelled #teamdani #bbott
Man, all that hate you're carrying, whatever issues making you hate like that, I hope you get resolved.
R1 triangle makes a through ball which the player has to run on
Someone got run over when it was on 20, the county lost the lawsuit.
And 3 generation late graphics... And 4 generation late storage + memory...
Still holding out for a sequel damn it
Use the Lord stone or enchant half of your armor to block magic damage instead of physical.
Why not eradicate a disease, like we did smallpox?
Updated my card, still nothing :/
Too PC.
Pulled directly from the headlines... 6 years ago
Amazing how this comment is at -7 while a very similar comment is at +17 at the same time smh
I really want one of these, but every time I see one, I realize that I can build three to six AR10s for the same price.
he has aoe with his q that he can spam on cd
If you are in the same server, you should be fine if you have the device change code and the secret code.
If I ever decided to do a reread of all the books I might, but I feel like I'm too far gone now to do that unfortunately.
I'm happy they work for you, but nah.
oh, I member!
There's a difference?
Honestly so did the leaks about 2199 (Traitor Hater), so I have faith lol
It's that they specificially nerfed things only good players were really using to maximize the character, while his buffs were pretty superficial, but fit how mediocre players would typically use him.
I don't think you get the defenition of a piano roll.
You can get a fake mustache, the only thing that matters is how much you believe in yourself :')
To be fair, that's a hell of a downside.
But the data he gets ia more valuable than the extra charge for exceeding data imo
AMA request: both of Yahoo's remaining users.
i'm firmly in the boat that gomez will be in center next season.
ya but fire Rick Smith right?
You better not let all those Letters/Omnirods go to waste.
Math
Is it ok if we start banning the "Is it okay if we start banning the 'is it ok if we ban' the 'is it ok' posts"?
I guess Money In the Bank
"You sure must swim a lot!"
Let's get Grilli sitting next to Jaime Campbell in a few years (or more than a few).
50mm f1.8 stm is pretty cheap.
Sure did, you'll be wearing that confederate flag flair with pride now, son.
Mad Cow?
Predator.
Hit him with ur crossbow Steve
There's a time and place for in-line styling... this isn't it.
You've got talent.
AOL
Probably Jews, there weren't many black people in auschwitz
Compartmentalization and cog dis at their finest!
Chinese hoaxes don't melt icebergs
so your saying if there were armed people INSIDE they could have stopped them?
Christ dude
You can't be serious!
What a riveting discussion!
*gay rock method
Honestly, I ask myself that every day.
Don't split the party.
That's pretty specific, how'd you get there considering most people are saying it'll be closer to $350 or so?
Shitty tactics get you shitty results.
Remember, different rules for the rich, nothing will come to this.
Warp a minion horde before arrows come down
Well the US voting population is extremely stupid on certain issues, as well as extremely misinformed on pretty much all issues.
It also shows you that the devs aren't actually playing the game (cause this is one of those things that are easy to miss, but become immediately obvious to those that actually plays the game).
Is it Hericium erinaceus?
As soon as you are uncomfortable with it.
While I do like your idea, a troop like this, in my opinion, defeats the purpose of buildings because now building targeting troops will go for a troop.
Now **that's** a *great* idea!
Arun Jaitley wants you to use cheques and not use such anecdotes as criticism You are not hiding black money are you?
I wouldn't be upset if these color rush jerseys became our full time home jerseys.
Perhaps "turtles all the way down", but I can't seem to figure out how that would be relevant...?
Look at their sizing chart, think should be in the f.a.q part of their site
Some solid advice there, really made sense to me.
What sort of cars?
Yes it is.
Ho Ho Ho Ho
Why did you respond to my post in the first place?
GOOD
Let's see how long it takes for the true Turkish focus to be clear: Turkish operation in Syria only targets Kurds.
*My deck always needs an update*
I had mine two weeks ago, but I gave in to the temptation and got my lava hound to level 2 It's alright tho, my Electro wiz is level two with 1/4 to level three
Yes, because I was obviously talking about taxes and regulations and not the rampant racism, bigotry, and ignorance this state has come to epitomize.
Enough for me to meet players EVERYHWERE I go, even on the least populated server and channel.
Baking Bad
Holy crap!
Just making sure I read it right, no Dime Flat?
For comparison what would that cost at a costco for example?
Hey is the Black Jack creeper the one used for toting TH's body!
this is how you celebrity and look after your ends
Right as the second bomb went off at the finish line and I got auditory exclusion.
I think you mean ice cream truck.
McHale brought the gun show to Gameday huh?
Either a podcast or an Audiobook
It's not the same... those threats/crimes were against the president because he was black... today, we're getting threats and crimes AS A RESULT of what our president-elect has done and said BY the people who support the president-elect
South Atlantic is also South Western Africa...
but they had the "choice" to be expelled, too!
They just made a hit, and they never hit anything!
Get in the truck, kids.
Silly liberal, white people can't be illegal immigrants.
Bro, you don't want to be on his 250tb storage server he will fucking end you kid.
During Halloween you did not receive double candy for doing the evolution.
you forgot the
I build a wall.
Trump has always been a Manhattan Liberal up to this Election.
Is that.. just *tag* but a video game?
Great joke
what was the app on kodi?
And you felt the need to attack him why?
Watched this just for the song lol, the editing was pretty nice too
You should hit it hard on a desk while it is semi erect to make it last longer.
Rekt
I also forgot to change the placeholder title ._.
From my understanding of the ceremony it is the highest honor enlisted can present to an officer based on their contributions to the United States Air Force.
South African freedom fighters has as bad as police who beat Africans to death for fun.
I hate me too.
Showing your cards too early comes off as needy/desperate.
Oh noooooo they gonna ruin our non-existent lore!
This is Matt Millen we're talking about, so he was probably completely wrong.
you sound bitter youre not rich
You see ivan, when target iz smaller than peepee, you shall always shoot the accurate for fear of missing target.
You mean back in the basket?
OPs mom and pretty much all of them
7) OP is too tall!
You look pretty but the weight drags you down.
noted
It's Darry's Barrels everybody!
And she was a dino - more republican than most actual republicans.
You would risk your main value generator being discarded?
Freya, surprisingly enough destroying people in 4 autos got boring for me.
Well I think that even Zoro's sense of direction would get better instead of them 2 maturing
But the sky is falling!
I DON'T LIKE IT SO IT'S A CIRCLEJERK
Hey its TV's job to raise my kids, me and my spouse have important carriers you know
It's not that hard to separate someone's career and personal life.
My god, we Americans are a bunch of morons.
If I blast Master of Puppets at full volume 5 times a day, I'm pretty sure someone will want to put me in place, and there will be no one to speak for me.
Uhh he's president now, it's pretty obvious this is his policy, because Haitians are brown.
Not a surprise, you racist!
And don't forget: Hillary has small, almost baby like, hands.
Press circle/B
Photos?
How's it going?
Sometimes you get caught up in the moment and just get l;ocked into wanting the ball, silly decision for sure.
2meta4me
But then you can't up sell it for way more online.
Judging an adult by how they acted as a child seems perfectly reasonable.
Cos the watchtower is so full of new and exciting information you couldn't possibly answer any of the questions half-asleep and missing your magazine...
Can Pennsylvania join the snuggle club?
What year is this?
Says someone with nearly 20k karma HYPOCRISY
We smashed the jerries remember?
Edited my original post!
I'm pretty sure Illinois won a bowl game against UCLA that year and finished 7-6.
Probably the closest we'll get.
Internet atheists seem to.
Sorry that your sorry
1
Can't wait!
*fare
or, you know.. Empire State Building :)
I'm claiming the root of slavery wasn't race related, African tribes enslaving others to claim land and steal.
SanDisks are a bit better.
2k?
Falcon and Marth
I bet the bodyguard is behind Monson in this meme, helping him stand up.
I mean, not really given that the DPRK is notoriously shady with what they release to the wider world.
You're * ;P obv.
Please no...
LCK, I've come to bargain!
I use Brother Jake in his honor
Housewives and kardashians Why would anyone want to watch a bunch of stupid sluts whose bodies are 70% silicon talk about shit that doesn't matter for so long?
Because some people are just inherently inferior to others
Bama wants Bama
Snorlax can tell you what is the meaning of life is.
I hope so!
Can't Scrooge the Nuge.
this is why you dont post a comment if you are clueless about the information you claim in it
Or Washington wins.
Thats the spirit!
Read the fucking article dipshit
Maybe third person reload animations.
**[deleted]** it's clearly a lucrative side gig
Yeah, and?
*it's 2016*
Thanks, I've been meaning to go to a gun show, this will force my hand.
Just want to say this is hilarious... I'll check if I have a cockroach in a bit
I guess I should have assumed that "69Mooseoverlord69" would have a good grasp on strategy
60,265,858 Americans are Nazis/KKK members/white supremacists I guess.
So you want someone to come in your house and ~~steal~~pirate your bed?
Your masa knows better when you should be offended
For 18.000$ only, sry ~ Apple
... has finally gotten a good picture.
The channel plus the Royal Navy you mean?
Your new best pal is cute.... what does it say on her yellow badge?
Well in that case, you *can* easily pin a lot of these things on Toriyama, if all he's going to bother to do is write an extremely bare-bones plot and not put much more effort in than that.
Here be dragons
Finally a white male voice in this debate, what a breath of fresh air.
100%, everyone gets gathering +10 at the start of the game
[[Drain Life]], [[Corrupt]]
Yeah, 7.6 to our 16.4
Because it obviously wasn't because there was a gridlock or anything like that.
Their sole purpose is to act as our subreddit user flairs
Yeah, because that's a priority in development
He's a Packer actually
when everything's a gun nothing is
Yep :/
58 fps, literally unplayable
Humans are just numbers, everything is binary, there is no room for emotion in human politics, only cold ruthless logic
What do you think of FFVI in the full sprite overhaul of FFIV: The Complete Collections?
#NAME?
Oh *shite*, you are right, mate..
Not worried, just aware of the probability - even a small amount makes an cumulative effect.
followed by saving it whenever you go anywhere dark.
It's kinda true though, I don't see it only when I played much worse than usually...
Op is some kind of reverse Samson.
Best case, we regress 20 years, worst 50 years.
But the point isn't who would win but the destabilizing effect on the eurasian continent.
Completely agree!
I wouldn't wait in line for twelve hours for a phone.
They did also use "fried potatoes" to describe chips.
Can't tell if serious...
Why do liberals always project and blame everyone else for there problems and never admit they did something wrong.
There has literally been craigslists ads for protestors, paying like 20$ an hour in some metro cities.
these r mine
Non-med student here, what is happening?
Can't wait.
It feels like anytime a car gets within 5 seconds of another it's investigated.
You know this how?
Fed to the rules and I hit the ground running
You hit it on the nose
Just a heads up you replied with the same thing twice
DJT bout to catch these hands
Opposition in all things.
The system is already up to date.
Non-biased answer, 2nd best of all time only behind Michael Jordan
Unlock it to Dual Core m8
nah dude, just gotta execute
A few months yeah, but one tube of mascara lasts me about 6 months, so it would literally take me years to use all of these.
Elbow sex over the paraplegic!
Well best part is Regi has been right literally every time he has responded while SG is spewing shit.
but he has a mandate!
As a sex addict, absolutely.
No Zim is going to cut him
I think he kind of got it back this game, especially 2nd and 4th quarters
I've never been arrested, but I've done my fair share of arresting, usually for domestic violence situations, shoplifting, or warrants.
Bethesda can do no wrong though
David Johnson Oliver Vernon
Ly2
E corp
It's the new u/mormondocuments leaks... Haven't you heard?
I don't get that option on Google :/ Also I didn't think to look at the search bar on here, something I've never used tbh.
I'm entering because i'm close to buying my new pc soon and i'm thankful that corsair is so nice and listening to the community all the time
You forgot to blow on it.
~~Taiwan~~ Republic of China
Barnes must be the lotus emperor then
Great, I'm so happy I moved from my amazing apartment on California and Oak Knoll
I beg to differ.
Is that what those FEMA camps are for?
A Supreme Court Justice should not be making political statements.
Haha if that happens in TB one more time, Montreal will have a new MLB team
who's the chairman of RNC now?
Milliseconds would have overflowed 32 bits in under 50 days!
I was born and raised in Philly and trash talk Philly.
or even win a major, i believe in envy
Yeah, the massive Republican voting blocs in the Lutheran and Catholic religion.
Cards in general - debit, license, rando :) membership cards
Look at all the ZOMBIEES -Dempsey
Yeah, OP is some kind of monster who puts the home team first
*Win-win scenario*
It's a conspiracy!
So then you're in favor of illegal immigrants being able to get driver's licenses?
PPr Team A: cousins or Luck, zeke,Kelley,Obj, cobb, thomas, tyrellW,Kelce,prater,eagles Team B: Stafford, Hyde, Ware, Booker/dion, Crowder, Evans Watkins/arob, Ebron/Bennett, Tucker, Ten
That was so obviously tongue in cheek though...
Thank you
When Weber hurts his team.
Is this a new thing.
ARE YOU SURE
They're still incredibly vulnerable either way
Mostly brown people, but throughout history we've killed a little bit of everyone.
It's hard to get paid otherwise
I know that 2011 was just probably an anomaly but the Cavs had the Clippers pick That year and a 2.5% chance of reaching #1 and they got it.
Hi-point c9
Your member is already small enough that they don't need Pymm Particles.
You kept pounding
Re do the vocals and don't let them peak this time and it'll massively increase the quality of the ad.
i love all these people saying they hate trump because he's corrupt, while they cheer on china, one of the most corrupt countries
I bet some people cared, they just lived in a different county or state and you didn't hear about it because there wasn't the internet to push every story about every dumb thing like this.
But nuclear causes bad things on tiny island with huge natural disasters, so we can't have one here on america!
same
Everyone hates a fan like you though.
And the phamacy can give you your medicine in a cigarette cellophane.
Where's the wall when you need it?
Came to say it looks like it'd be easier to just park it sideways, lol
TactilAids
We first hear about new Ryan at 1:54:55
Include how many times he says "bad damage".
You could live on them, just not for long.
Stop exxagerating, I found a period.
You mean Sad But True?
Member when i downvoted your ass?
Some tough words coming from a guy who likes cheese on his pancakes
Read two comments up -- there's an anecdote about someone doing just that.
I mean if Homer Simpson could do it...
"I sell propane and propane accessories."
There was not one commercial for Trump in the LA metro.
Fuck you Ray you ONLY like Hilberts because it is inconvient for literally everybody we hang out with
Far, a long-long way to run.
Kappa
Yeah, I'm getting more of a lobster vibe TBH.
Dude I lost my virginity in pbr
"Sorry you returned all the computers you bought that you destroyed through my product, thanks, now we have no computers in store and will have to order them"
The last refuge of the man with no argument is to dig up a post history to try to cling to whatever pitiful sense of superiority you can muster.
Not a joke mate dead serious
Probably not, but they can apparently hear the death.
Lol, exactly.
:( happy holidays
Adevarat, la gluma cu minerii m-am spart de ras!
Blowing up the Death Star was just as bad as blowing up Alderaan.
I put a talisman on my A-26C-45 and don't regret it, it's a great RP farming machine both in AB and RB.
Non lo valuti poi molto il tuo tempo, visto che ne hai spesi altri per rispondermi.
Destiny
What makes you think that they were thinking at all?
for a first time champion?
The Last Word.
My wife wanted to do this for her friends at our wedding but by the time the wedding came her friend had already proposed, I was looking forward to it too
Mind-blowing headphones... Sounds good to me.
November 15, 22:00 PST until November 16, 4:00 PST (6 Hours) o_o ...
Now they can translate for when hen1 hears A or B from the casters
ThirdAgeFilms amirite?
I now just realized how much I want to see Carey Price play a game bubble wrapped.
Just played the whole Halo Reach campaign last week, so happy I get to play one of my favourite games on my Xbox One :)
Good ol' Calgary boy
Heh, I guess the Price is wrong then.
You leave Jack Burton alone!
Can you name one "corrupt but competent" leader in history who did something good for his country?
Hey, they're doing business outside Australia too, they should pay us as well!
Most likely in a few hours
No no, we got to be politically correct
"The average voter is as drunk and stupid as ever" - Richard Nixon's head
no, stop being a white apologist, you've been indoctrinated.
dialed the number i saw in a stall, 6 years later i married her
maybe its eli
Yea, Chrono Trigger and this indie game called Final Fantasy VII never get the love they deserve just because 'the graphics are shit'
Sauce?
Sounds fucking weird to me
But its 1v5 there's no way they could have lost
No you're not, you knew exactly what you were doing going into that...
Whoops, I meant to type 1981!
Idk man, letting a tank or fighter almost double his health bar in a teamfight sounds completely balanced and will not be broken at all!
At least the entire thing isn't bloatware for once.... oh.
SCIENCE!
Oh, but that schedule tho...
Odd..... I didn't hear this in the news.
He doesn't need power, he already has MiG-29.
But that picture makes it look cold - global warming can't be real!
Ha.
don't knock it till ya try it
I am so gonna play the crap out of this, but i wanna try archenemy also
Yeah, I would only ever buy new SRT4s and 240SXes.
I didn't know they had Shotlocks in 358/2 Days.
Thanks :)
Credit-Acquirer: The Steal
You forget the most important point - she's a woman, which means that if she's ever done anything wrong she's considered to be evil incarnate for ever forwards.
Yeah, the hillary supporters are the real hypocrites.
The "Please send nudes" really takes the class up to the next level.
I don't know how I should feel about this?
It's closer to $1040 a year, beer costs quite a bit more in Canada
Oh look, another overhyped kickstarter product that is going to "revolutionize" how we live our lives.
My major is computer science and I have 99 botting
You made the difficult, but correct, decision.
Yeah, but all the original Sega studios are dead.....
I've never heard that called a gainer in competition.
That's easy to do if you are willfully ignorant.
Maybe it's cause we tend to fight with our antlers upon meeting competition for our mate.
Nope.
They do really seem to hate everything but having guns.
The only thing missing is "lorem ipsum" and FPO on the image
Babies would be made
Or more likely, you were given a window that was small because it is a high-pressure sales tactic to get people to buy without taking the time to think through what is going on.
Sapphire Fury Nitro, that's the name at least.
it's 2 deep 4 u
And still has rapes and murders and kidnappings where victims are unable to defend themselves because they are unarmed.
You hope.
It's going to be the F-series.
Because Jews.
I got up, went to the bathroom, took out the trash, grabbed a beer, sat back down and it was the same possession!
FIFA 12 Career Mode Legend
France (eu4)
Replace one lie with another.
TIL that trespassing and attempted murder are equally crazy.
Which Kantai collection character is this?
Good cause I already bought one.
Yes
Ha, do you think this guy is just murdering bees?
Yeah, I'm sure it was.
I didnt know I want this
Insanely fast Magicka regen is never useful
Look at this show off.
GOAT
Ayy lmao babylake was a failed abortion
Donkey Kong sucks!
lol
Wow, you think he'll make it two weeks.
I don't know man,You know those power connectors can get tricky sometimes
Positive.. that's good, right?
Hows it Austin so good at every game he touches?
He's one half of Orange Juice.
Truth
Throw?
You got me, I have a tough time with little bitches on the Internet who can't take a loss but it actually has to do with your mom, who is currently blowing me.
Not to mention his intransigence gave mixed signals to our allies, leading to them being unwilling to shoulder the burden of an undirected foreign policy, resulting in us being the clear director of the shitshow.
The segmentation error
Console doesn't have a PTS
Probably the kind of guy who'd find a tree with a visible knothole provocative.
Yeah it really doesn't matter when you face tank the enemy skillshots instead of dodging them because ping doesn't affect those situations
I'm sold!
Harambe
(Sorry, can't hear you for the echo chamber in here.)
I don't really understand what youre getting at tbh
Vlade/Vivek are wild cards
Remove any company names.
they are all so original i want to be like them
Bitch had it coming if you ask me.
Get a Stage 1 tune by APR, hands down the best power mod for the money 2009 MkV 6MT, also in white :)
Actors are paid to act.
I love Vooch too, man.
About time.
I'm reporting this... **THIS GAVE ME DIABETUS**
Well with all that Muslims contribute to the world of technology I would not be surprised if it had a sticker saying "Made in Syria" on it.
Yep!
My boy from Bay Minette, Wallace Gilberry, on fire tonight!
Considering Pato peaked at like 24 and Ronaldinho at 29 it's pretty impressive that he's been able to keep himself at what a normal player his skill set does at 27
WELL YOU CAN FORGET ABOUT THOSE MODIFICATIONS TO YOUR A2 SCOPE!
Game managed himself in to the history books.
I really hope you forgot to put
Some would say that it's your male privilege that allows you to worry about climate change and poverty while women have to worry about things like revenge porn
Surely the only change they voted for was changing the number of living African Americans to a lower number?
These are ugly af, but if it's for just one game, whatever.
Saving your Bae-Con
LBJ
If he misses the playoffs this year
All 22 and madden cam is extra beeitch pay up
That's my point though -- they really shouldn't be flying 737's at national given how short the runway is.
This is why I throw my bottles into the lake it makes nice homes for sea creatures.
Two big lessons here: don't talk to the police without a lawyer, and don't hire a hitman to kill your parents.
?
Are you adopted?
**[REMOVED INTENSIFIES]**
Here we spot a Brit or perhaps an Aussie using the second tone of the ever so popular phrase "m8".
This would have brought a lot of attention to the sport and could have been a big boom.
Please tell me that her surname was Nutzmann or something like that...
Yes.
when did nofx get so corny?
My life in a nutshell
A Christian drama film *from WWE* nonetheless.
when you say pc i assume mean desktop, becasue a laptop is a pc
somewhere it says ethernet is recommended for most consistent experience or something.
A really shitty one
It's the beanie
she flipped the fuck out when someone said Corbyn was like Dumbledore
There's a picture on the goat app and the dude does a good job pulling them crew Jordan socks with black training shorts, not sure about the top but a white plain tshirt or maybe a t shirt in the peach-ish color of the teeth on the side would look dope
But It was her turn!
Because he's literally worse than Hitler and someone called him a racist.
if you really think the only media government allows is media that calls trump supporters white nationalists then I would argue it's not the "anti-trump" media doing the brainwashing..
Double Q Raynor is actually quite useful against melee Assassins in general.
Seriously, people need to start reading the fucking patch notes.
Minions do only 50% more damage by the way.
Haters are the loudest.
So I was laughing when I saw your funny description on the first part, but shit got serious when I saw that winrate ... Malf Tier 1, what a time to be alive... Also, he's got a 59% winrate on Diamond/Master MMR in HL, with 55% popularity.
"ba**semen**t" Pretty shit censor system right there.
the title of the article might as well say 'for CS:GO'
###Submission Statement An article exploring how our understanding of what takes place in the minds of other animals has become a part of accepted science
BF1 has a different (better) dmg model on HC its 125% dmg from bullets, 100% vehicles and explosions While BF4 was 60HP meaning a super low TTK
newer rolls royce
yeah, so let's attack innocents as collateral damage, that makes 100% logical sense
Rule # 3
Yeah woodleys physique and strength is definitely average and attainable for anyone at his weight class, surprised Wonderboy struggled with him...
"Dorky Virgins" are funny, check your penis privilege!
No u moron it's because melee still suckz lol
Pay stubs or equity vesting schedule with valuation must be provided to ensure you are pure.
Does this work in creative servers?
Good Drops
I can't do it, arms just feels so weird
DAE think this game sucks XD
The man is obese, he just need to take care of himself a little more
Ma "disgraced" possiamo tradurlo come "disgraziato", almeno in questo caso?
La prossima volta prendi il tuo elicottero personale, barbone!
lighting laws for bicycles.
Except that the car thing they were talking about is only on high braking zones with bumps on them but ok.....
The best part about this is the Mercy killing the Mei behind you
Starting my first year of college in October!
I guess *some* good came out of that Chinese hoax.
He damn well might if we are living for millennia
well that's not picky at all
No you
-looking at the ssrs- My god it never ends!
No, you see, politics = meme games now
Trump literally almost lost GA and AZ.
You realise the reason people downvoted your original comment is because you made it sound like you supported Israel destroying Palestine?
It's not gonna be Filip Watteeuw.. Maybe MG Real estate?
I feel like this could be a super edgy Oscar bait movie if cast properly...
Believing people from a certain cultural background are likely to hold certain views in common is not "textbook racism"
Or maybe it's all staged anyway for Reddit karma.
Only losers are guilty of war crimes.
Wut....
It's okay to be wrong.
Obviously if other people are outraged and you're not then those other people have no reason to be outraged.
I didn't ticket you, please drop off your bribe at the police office *wink*
So the bottom of the toilet seat is OK for germophobes if it's an extra inch and a half wide at one point?
May or may not be connected but a few threads down a guy said he updated his nvidia drivers to version 375.86 and noticed a massive fps drop.
I meant that usually it seems like whales keep their shard supply pretty high.
bigot!
Get OUT **stupid SJW**
Well we wouldn't know because no one can hear them!
I think you dropped this
That would make the most sense
Liberal is more of a technical term meaning anyone who's a supporter of Capitalism.
It slightly pisses the enemy off, but also raises his luck quite a bit.
About 20% if I'm not mistaken.
yes, that sounds exactly like what you described in your original post.
Reminds me of a popular joke: Train-spotting - The best way to meet fellow paedophiles.
Aw come on, the "we hate women" circlejerk isn't fun if you don't play along...
Pence
That's the dream!
I think he did, He's all white around his mouth, Maybe he had milk, Certainly isnt snow though, Cause I see no snow what so ever In that picture
Oh crap, You're gonna get your PSN Disabled!
What the hell is wrong with you
Not even the new Dark unit can compare with the amazing Eldrex.
Love it
But the government does stuff in both of them.
But, but, but we can rehabilitate him
Rush - Vapor Trail.
Not every bathroom is filled with drunk Irish dudes.
EH, I'd rather choke a dog...
I'm a Hoosier and I've never heard of this in my life.
I'm definitely not the pick in this conversation.
They've removed the pages.
But this car only drives indoors and goes only outside on nice days when the woman wants to take it for a spin
Don't freeze your puerh please!
I can hear this.
Ah yes because the ARG and the image of the canister room being created from the data from hundreds of people wasn't insanity level
Journalism died when newspapers died.
No thanks.
cant tell if woosh or
This article looks like it got stuck in Google's translator.
Taping must be twenty weeks prior to airing, unless that task is also bullshit.
Well it carries a lot more weight if the opinion is coming from someone like Bjerg.
Fighting the good fight.
in the practical world we just use a firebird tho.
Was that a 9/11 reference for heat?
Hello fellow CBus poster.
You almost make it sound like women are really people and not property.
Are you Garfield?
Disgusting
Don't be the guy in an Audi S4 with summer tires like I saw trying to navigate Sheridan the other night.
She probably thought you had a career in porn.
Obviously OBJ is racist
I wouldn't drop someone who has been producing fairly consistently for Watkins
Can we draft a GM in the early rounds?
it is
I blame Utah's lack of gun control laws
Break a leg
But this is the system we have!
Sure thing!
Well they should correct the tooltips then... Too bad!
No, but I do wonder what Pac-Man Jones thinks of Terrelle Pryor.
I mean, how wide is the scope of the president?
Well, let's see here... Women, homosexuals, trans people, atheists, any other people who follow different religions, people who've had abortions, people who masturbate, people who don't go to church....oh the list just goes on and on and on.... what a "lovely" thing your god is
ALL OFFENSE ALL THE TIME!
welp at least he didn't plow through any crowds :D
Apocalypse
Ohhhh noooo....
Haruhi was in the running, so unless recent sequals count, that theory's debunked
Usually when the question is asked it's because they had a multi picture contact with a studio and the studio collected in order to bring a big name into something they assumed would make a lot less without it.
Easy to blame it on alcohol, and not himself.
Me: opening the emergency exit door and hopping off anyway
If they are, someone missed notifying me.
I'm down over $20k in the market today.
Well, we did, but then SOMEONE had to get hung up about eugenics and genocide
seems fake
Well at least they didn't break the chain of custody
This is going to be such a joy when they start working for me.
China is fearful of manufacturing returning to the US and correcting the trade imbalance through relaxed EPA regulation.
Eneloops are a good option like most have said, but you can also buy the Amazon Rechargeable batteries which in my opinion are just as good ( I have a ton of both brands in multiple sizes).
the Sahara without any water
Little place in the Chicagoan 'burbs called Mama Maria's.
He's looking good so far
I'm so tired of Japan Asian-washing White characters
Someone in my league dropped him but I have Barnidge so not a good time to switch it up
Because when Mexico kicks their field goals, they're not kicking their best.
True, Spergon Wynn was a man among boys until he went down.
Look at Taylor swifts asshole.
There are anchors that are pretty light
Nisemongatari
Maybe time to start assembling an outside meeting place for those interested in maintaining contact should Reddit pull the plug?
Aside from many popular websites accepting bitcoin, there are services that allow people to spend their bitcoins through intermediaries who will convert the BTC into standard funds for payment anywhere stuff like debit or credit cards are accepted.
To bait out their lightning, plant three musketeers all on one side
They have muzzles man, that makes them far more dangerous!
Bu-but they're establishment!
Trump isn't a serious contender duh.
10/10 gf
...Jews did it
PM'd you.
The screaming girl represent liberals and the hunky muscle man represents Trump supporters
... And by turning out much, much crappier movies.
so are sick people, those fuckers get so babied
You're a hazard, Wirry
When the dual wielding is added, I can finally become Agent 47.
Some people never see the world around them let alone the people.
Apparently they can.
It is unfair to your group.
Worse Edwin
if you like this game and give people a way to try the demo outside of japan, and form their own opinion, that makes you a weeb obviously.
You have to re-evaluate your life every time, and you also gotta make sure you didn't forget to blink like a leg with you or something.
If this is a tech savy user, i can't imagine a non-techsavy one
You're looking at the next world champs right there
cow licked ya face
*Ultrawide* 1440p 144Hz
With icy fire?
b-but every asian is a chinaman
...wait a bit.... really?
You clearly have little understanding of how long complex game development actually takes.
Thank you ^ ^
I would rather say a superstitious time, everybody was superstitious then.
WITH BRAND NEW GUAVA EXTRACT.
Januzaj only out for 6 weeks, Wilson's sounds worse if Derby have sent him back
When were we not?
incoming ban
My father also ate at an Arby's once and died of cancer.
And "death camp" is again wrong term, its called a concentration camp.
Maybe, maybe not...
A lot of people aren't busy plotting murders or other crimes.
Yes please add more attributes to purchase with VC...
repost.jpg
r/niceguys
NC-12 is also supposed to be 'cultural': wikipedia says it is predominantly black.
You didn't even think the Hammer deserved to be included in that?
Join us ~~lunatics~~ moon month users!
Stellarium is a free program that you can use to check a body's position in the past or future.
At least y'all are safe from evil "big weed" ruining everything.
maybe your ICMP packet was too small?
Nice Mics
And nobody saw this coming...
Because as we all know, the moment someone gets fired, a bag of heroin appears i n their lap and they're physically unable to stop themselves from injecting the whole thing into their face...
This is how David Pumpkins was born.
also it doesn't work anymore when you fully switch to blue belts
Yeah, remember how Bernie was totally unable to raise any money for his campaign because he was busy being a Senator?
No.
He should just set up a private server and have them use aliases to receive classified data.
Thanks!
I thought Stastny might have a shot for the third star but these are great choices
Yea he should really be assigned to one of our many receiving threats
What an outrage, american companies would never do that !
So you're a Douchebag in denial?
Why the downvotes?
I never get tired of this.
Then youre obviously a racist
Im sure the NYC sanitation department is fucking stoked about this
Thank you for all your hard effort and keep up the good work!
oh so now he decides to get himself fit
i(saac)OS
Any updates from the SmitLoad from the beta testers?
Thanks for the missing LS spheres, gimu!
so BuzzFeed and HuffPo are okay, got it!
I think we found the HuffPo contributor.
But Foster Campbell isn't a pure, Bernie-approved, revolutionary Democrat so I'm not voting for him.
There's a stickied sales thread on this sub
Blackscienceguy.wav
But the car is already Saitama...
They
How does Messi compare in this?
Ayy
Not vote for them as president, that's for sure.
That snake's priorities are all screwed up.
WHY DON'T YOU JUST GO BURN THE FLAG WITH YOUR UN-AMERICAN, UN-PATRIOTIC IDEAOLGY YOU SOCIALIST.
now kiss
niche ka baal kab kaam ayega fir.
I'm gonna miss Joe :(
Grasp of Malok
The only thing I can think of is most draven players are really bad.
What a revelation
The question was about wikileaks
That only applies to the EPA, FDA, etc... All those luxuries like air, food, and water, ... though the later can be packaged into healthy sodas and marked up the wazoo
IS SANS REALLY NESS
OP, don't waste your time or money on Punch Club.
Now remember don't tell them their feelings aren't based in reality, because that's what gets trump elected 'out of spite'
Damn ole Electoral College being asked to do their job.
Check username... its a joke
The reason why it's so coherent is because The_donald is ruled by bots already
cheers :)
can i still record a epic blind baron steal from season 3?
tyler1 reddit account confirmed?
You gotta have sex first in order to have these problems.
Instead, teach The Myth Of Male Power, Girl Writes What, and the rest of our sidebar!
HI MODS PUT ME IN SCREENCAP LOLZ
nothing says invested in a relationship more thank keeping an old fwb at arms length in case anything goes south
My god, source please
F
They're arguing that just like you want a 4 bedroom house on Capitol Hill for 200k, these people should have access to affordable childcare.
Yeah, how the hell did Obama just allow 9/11 to happen?
Come on folks there is no such thing as racism against white people.
The trick is to eat up three frog eggs before the show.
Okay, I accept.
and also, because they taste like butt!
sigh *unzip*
They fixed things up since their breach?
Well if we learned anything from this election, it's that white people are secret racists.
It is a ELF.
Speaking of which, that girl in the black dress tho.
Mana-Tombs.
Good point!
Chun and Ken (probably) no longer top tier, the fuck you talking about?
Because Russia!
calming platitudes from PM selfie.
She looks about 15 years older than she actually is.
Yeah no scientist has ever or will ever be wrong or a fraud or allow corporate or state interests influence their research
A classy lady would be making a home-cooked meal, not eating dorito-tacos!
Have you ever heard of a little company named Boeing?
I mean, it's meant to be hard and rare... It may be overtuned right now but it's still supposed to be difficult to run and expensive, it isn't supposed to be something you can just log in and do for fun like a yellow map
This.
Holy fucking shit i have the same bong-
I saw this game on steam that looked like room world called judgement, the gameplay I saw on it looked terrible but would love some aculty things in rimworld.
Give the man some nipples
He forgot this
Best thing happened to me, when I nitro boosted to run up the PvP tower and it malfunctioned, it lifted me high enough to Fel Rush onto the ledge at the top of the tower.
but with 15 hours of Cutscenes.
Is the top monitor mounted to wall or are you using any vertical mount for it?
Maybe he will appoint a manager from Buffalo Wild Wings!
I thought obama and Hillary created it?
Trump heard that "lizard people" secretly run everything so he figured having a guy named "Newt" on his team might help him cash in on that.
"The Pentagon was probably built as a launch pad for spaceships belonging to an ancient race of aliens"
I'll just say I have terrible bone spurs and the dipshit in chief can go suck a fat one
What about God-Emperor?
I really don't need a second reference point to know that Tampa sucks and I don't want to live there
Donald trump is very careful and responsible with other people's money
Egyptian or European?
While there isnt lock on weapons, small arms do hurt planes now, and the AA guns emplaced on the map are amazing against them, very easy to aim and do damage very quickly... But you do have to get to them... They're not on your kit... But tbh planes weren't that big of an issue... Control point E on Sinai and control the skies!
What's the new major?
Yeah, how are we supposed to flame the guy if we can't even add him!
I'm sure ROBELUS is absolutely terrified!
maybe a bit cheaper since it needs new batteries, just dont use it much
Newman nearly won on consistency in 2014, in this current format.
Killing mom - not a good idea
Dude you disagreed with a libtard, of course you are a fascist!
Ever Thyme Eye Sea Monkeys You Sing Spell Czech Aye Half Git Math Two
me irl
I want to believe you China, but that's exactly what someone who invented climate change would say...
The ugly one
You can call the police when she shows up.
TC and their shitty QA process
Riven mods are the anti spiral.
That's really awesome.
no
too much asians and u become tyloo (16-0 never forget)
If you don't trust me, his ex-wife worked for a small food manufacturer.
It's called Microsoft Edge, waaaaaaay cooler!
Yeah, that's awesome for Bitcoin, no progress and a stalemate
98.2% of Brits DON'T.
Trump's fans are Triggered by a Children's movie.
They can definitely linger though
Adult me wants to tackle the remaining 240k in student debt before looking at 60k+ sports cars lol
If you're not first, you're a pedestrian.
it's JustANewAccountBro.
Legalize and tax!
aw strewth chuckunutha holden on the barbie for that bloke.
Never went to center or Atlas Path before, gonna do it this time.
So, yes?
You're definitely denser than the average person, yeah.
"b-but you have no armor so it's not op !"
No vintage dueling minigame or vintage vintage meryweather 0/10
I still have it, but I have a lot more crates then I do keys ha, if you gave me a couple keys or an item with similar value, I'd trade.
jews = power is the only equation anyone should need
I don't know if this is even remotely related but a friend of mine had an orange tree growing next to a lemon tree and the fruit the orange tree produced was some very tasty sour oranges.
I think so.
Yes, because Corbyn and McDonnel were the reasons the Blair administration fell apart, the reason Milliband lost the GE
My sides have left me faster than the transmission on a Tiger.
"His Excellency, President for Life, Field Marshal Al Hadji Doctor Idi Amin Dada, VC, DSO, MC, Lord of All the Beasts of the Earth and Fishes of the Seas and Conqueror of the British Empire in Africa in General and Uganda in Particular".
Don't think they will pick sgeres up, more likely to Judy continue with dazed
I think it can kill horde too.
I would think that showing a patent, or giving the patent number would be allowed, although I admit I am not an expert on Reddit policy.
You think your fucking funny?
It's pronounced DIffERENTLYabled you fuckin retard
Kenny Garrett?
not announced doubt it, they never give them anymore
Antipsychotics and SSRIs.
vans are so sick these days i love them
Just keep an eye on the OpTic website, it will be announced there first and a day before it is supposed to
Buy a portable polygraph machine
Hey, that's Lana's!
Depending on where you live, you may be able to talk a lawyer into filing some type of suit against them to get them to drop the "required money grab" that has nothing to do with your degree.
It's hoop-shaped, it's practically the same design!
So basically if the FCC is dissolved, everyone should build a homemade cell phone jammer for funsies?
Jamaican dance hall
I'd give it max 2 hours
Knight has more of the same "Spec-Ops" feel to me that the Trooper has as well, he goes around behind the scenes of the jedi order and handles mostly in gray matter situations, in wich "normal"goody tooshoes" jedi can't act IMO
Sounds like a bitter mother-in-law
And you couldn't even get the fist check mark right...smh
Sure it's fun to drive stick shift but how will I safely text and drive with it?
Isn't it the general consensus that the CZ scorpion is better?
Giving up is my specialty
Aged care placement and care plans are integral to your role, make sure to pay extra attention.
Fun fact, while filming The Lord of the Rings, Christopher Lee advised Peter Jackson on the exact sound someone makes when they get stabbed in the kidney, as he had done that as a commando in WWII
Well op, should he?
The ball is supposed to be in MY possession dammit
I have also noticed cases where a high traffic downtown intersection (4 way intersection of small "2+2" roads) can get snarled up pretty bad without traffic lights, but with them it makes sure not too many cars are in each others' way.
The question posed should really be would they rather cancel their subscription or pay extra for no ads.
"Challenge Accepted"
Finally beating that god-damned Water Temple without looking for help will be my greatest achievement in gaming.
I agree, my commander is signed.
Indeed, very strange
crabtree no doubt
True, but I counted her Ugg boots as the remaining .5 dumbest things in the picture.
So $100 bucks ;)
too many cupcake schedules
so it IS a gateway drug!
We're at buckets now, iirc.
its on both, the psp emulator graphics still kinda sucks compared to the ps3.
The new call of duty!
you dropped this
It likely went critical and sustained a small nuclear reaction for a short amount of time, but it was never at a concentration that could explode.
First time I saw one he was surprisingly hard to beat, because hurricane is so fast and has practically the exact same animation as the quick move, except a tornado shows up after it is too late to dodge.
where's your steam profile...?
We just really like hospitals, don't game shame us.
Gee, I wonder if user SmokeADaKoosh is gonna be objective on the matter of drugs.
Yeah because if we've learned anything about the internet, it's that it's obedient and reasonable.
How about we buff its so that no enemy can throw grenades whilst you are wearing FM.
Florida when they had Billy Donovan and Tennessee back with Bruce Pearl (waiting to see if he can do something at Auburn)
Well said.
might not be...shipping on shoes from germany to us is like 50-60$ min
Voted
I'm not nice, but I try REALLY hard to be nicer.
United States of Soviet Russia (USSR)
Cyka blyat - Rush B!
You're right, we scored so many of their WMDs while we were there.
Also: Andy Hug Mark Hunt Jerome le Banner Alistair Overeem (K1) Masato Mike Zambidis
Give gold or stay silent, the golden rule of reddit.
Be the greatest stand user of all time!
Kirin Tor finally viable!
WHOOOOSH
No taunt?
Clearly he deserves the stockades
And he is still better than Huhi.
Yes well, now you know
Northern New Jersey fans that have been watching hockey for 5+ years.
But it's spring
He's such a pragmatist!
Mancraft PDiK, at least HPA tap it.
And this was just an opinion.
It's just modern day heart blessing...
Man trainees are really young these days.
It seems a bit low for a dog and person.
That's the real moral of the story.
For anyone wanting to quickly figure it out it's the konami code: up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, B, A.
Mobius, and if/when you feel the urge to go into Open Play please don't do it.
Don't worry, just get some tongs and drain the sink!
There would be so many divorces.
As every non lava user, we hate you!
Swamp Gas, Definitely Swamp Gas.
"I am happy with how I see myself as a person" OMG HUMBLEBRAGZZ
Speak out and you'll be silenced in the new regime.
this is real pizza
colorizebot
How dare someone try to be successful by being highly educated, hardworking, and a leader when they're not white!
Wtf bro.
Dune.
Did you report him bro?
Oh that precious karma
"Only one line, though, so we'll have to share."
Funerals
What time does it start?
Does the traditional DSiware method make the cfw 3ds lose any data?
wew you racist bigot
Never had them either most ever I get is USPS.
Maybe too well but he's far more effective in jungle due to buffs (blue specifically) and not being in constant view of the enemy.
Well it is about the most massively useful thing an interstellar hitchhiker can have.
*crying* It it it was soooooooo beautiful.
Stop standing in front of all the shorties!
One apollo/thor/thanatos/loki four athena/nox prepare your anus
Tosses only
Maybe he should sleep in a less shitty crib
**YOU LOST**
You all are assuming its from water, but what nobody is considering is that it could be a nuclear bomb silhouette.
Hearts boost for keys?
A quick off-the-top-of-my-head but serious answer, though, is: image processing (lots of fancy features in the camera and photo apps - like face recognition) need lots of processing sound processing - for apple like Garageband, plus Siri does a lot of audio preprocessing Games - these really benefit from the improved GPU as much as the CPU Saving battery life by doing all the little stuff as fast as possible and going back to sleep.
I guess I forgot the lack of safety equipment and modern amenities really save a ton of weight off the bat
Blue cards, blue cars, gold wheels... Definitely some aesthetically pleasing display pieces!
The only map I dislike a lot is garden of terror.
Thankfully this has never been posted before and isn't posted every other day
Did John McCain offer an alternative position?
Probably widowmaker
I've definitely done it at least once, 1 torp hit is enough to saturate the area and then it's practically immune to further damage
Ah okay thanks!
#I NEED TO GET THAT RIGHT NOW!
If you had a blood clot in your brain before (like Hillary) and now you have strabismus, then indeed you need to see the Doc asap.
We're called the LA of the North for a reason ya know
I wouldn't even trust Forza not to crash for an hour long race, let alone 9 o.0
Damn millennials, ruining America's divorce industry
Pretty sure they already committed to 3 seasons.
What woman in the right mind *wouldn't* wanna talk to someone as *suave* as Kind_Devil?
if last week is any indication, they'll probably drop one spot.
And that's why team communication is important folks!
Or you can play the game cause that's what it's here for... Not every meta will favour you hence why it's called a meta just learn to play around it and have fun!
Scott is a wikipedia superfan, he doesn't actually know anything about the game.
This is why the government disarmed all the whites
The best part about it is you had all of that before it was cool!
Tough luck mate :) but whats tough going about cro?
KONO DIO DA!
Probably to free up space to build the next one.
don't be a dick
I re-watch the whole DragonBall Z (old one) series while waiting
Which happens everytime, same for crits on low hp heroes
You forgot your
Nacka!
You tear of your shirt really fast after a winter without any tanning.
that would still leave you with the shitty ass clickbait titles
YeeHaw Motherfucker
people wonder why some countries have dictatorships, and then you realize democracy means these people have just as much of a voice as you do...
Sales make sense for a one-time purchase, but if you plan on using it longterm it'll still cost more.
Turks were invaders to Anatolia, not its original inhabitants.
Well, regardless, allow the armchair therapists of Reddit to inform you of how it really is, rather than what you, an individual whose dealt with this for years, think.
They don't make 6 figures a year for *nothing*.
Look to see if your country has a price comparison website for shipping.
I'm sure this is all the fault of those nasty Bitterites
If it still works then it's good for me!
Or if you're a Hunter, with the team tRIPmine...
yes but localised copy is better than a bandwidth intensive resource.
This is just like the time wildsketch fought shitty watercolor
Like in general or specifically in Germany?
I say Khalid Hill - 2.5 pts per carry!
I was hoping to get Joe, and I did!
So you didnt know that and are now scrambling to make it sound like you knew what you are talking about.
It's always been there, but thanks to feminism we no longer have a "polite society".
thanks to you guys I re installed wciii and now my son is playing roc campaign this is a game, not dat slapdash minecraft
You dropped this
How come this video doesn't show up in their YT channel?
Yeah, I'm sure that'll happen one day.
Not who you asked, but I enjoy just around two avocados + half a lemon juiced + a bit of minced garlic + a small dollop of plain yogurt for smoothness.
Stage one - shock and denial.
Shocking!
Too bad University of California has no resources or ability to work with other schools in the state.
I would like to see more video collections like the Beastie Boys one - it's the only one in the collection and it's been fifteen years since that release and nothing since.
Oh, you had me there for a minute
It's your life.
For $25 such a great deal!
He gun bring back coal jobz, n he gon make us rich lik him is!
Nintendo GameCube was my first console.
the problem with the GOP is that their voter base is xenophopic and hostile towards minorities, so even well to do minorities dont want to vote for them.
Jeez, the trees are so far from each other on such a wide open landscape... It is like a fantasy world!
Thank you people who voted for him and people who stayed at home.
Amazon pays more and Target seasonal isn't going to lead to a full time position.
Rumble could be running deathfire touch keystone which causes a burn for %health damage, or Lissandry's.
Why are you bragging about being the plight of society?
Very possible, I'm just saying they don't ignore the average.
CHEW
Is that why mine is grayed out every game?
I thought I was the only one that did what Hinata did Going from standing to lying down while continuously setting the ball :P
Why, the Ossis have ruined everything :(
Youre right, we should be auditing all 50 states, especially CA, not just the ones that Trump won against pollsters beliefs (though Michael Moore called those states two weeks before the election, so theres that).
Main servers farm primary power system for MMO games.
So when 3.0 goes out , we should get the planning update for a expected date release of 4.0?
Please report it to the admins and tweet at some prominent journalists so that they bring that nazi cesspool into news and can finally be shut down.
It's a Red Cross emergency vehicle
That is such a Skillet thing to say
Arena obviously is Trump who is obviously Hitler, who is obviously Columbus.
They need it to fully watch the show for the next 4 years.
Jerkface Pints: Served dressed with salt.
Name a president that wasn't shit tier garbage...
FALSE FLAG AMIRITE?
Yeah, that totally would have made a difference...
5/7 == 100% ?
yeah, exactly.
You dropped this
Anthem of the lonely by Nine Lashes
Eat Kaoc
Yet its showing the infra-sight effect on everyone else.
Wow, I didn't know a tumour could get cancer!
I hate everything to do with Dorne.
From casual observation on Long Island, they are for Trump.
Breitbart trying to gain a veneer of independence during the transition so that they can basically become state media after the inauguration.
Well it's going to be much better with the republicans running everything.
Be patient, it's barely been out!
Oh so he's not yawning, he's actually gasping in horror because you just stabbed him!
I don't know how holding up Hillary Clinton to take a photo would make this picture look better.
Look at all that free protein!
There are two kinds of people: Those whom order pizza while drunk/high Those whom have never been high/drunk
THE TIME AS COME TO SETTLE THIS ONCE AND FOR ALL.
THOSE FUGGIN DEVIL POLICE
Story?
1/forgetaboutit
On the contrary Awakening is not canon, smash 4 is
What a fucking racist
Brown skin = illegal or terrorist There is no in between
The issue was apparently the pump and coils and whatnot are not supposed to run "empty"
Allen just can't help himself, dividing the Church into liberals and conservatives.
Is that aids Skrillex son?
Sure we can but we will be in the area and its an opportunity to check out a stadium we will most likely never have the chance to see again.
yeah but are they visible?
I dont want to expand all
There goes Rosberg's championship...
really fun
That painting was real, and those lawyers he paid I am sure they needed the money
I love Cabom, hes a good guy.
I see the cover photo for the latest edition of the Industrial Worker!
Somebody got shoved in their locker by the football players in high school.
Because he's essential to our offense with those end arounds and short screen passes for 2 yards
Give me decent linux drivers that don't nuke my ttys from orbit then we'll talk.
No no no, it should be done regardless because the Internet demands it
That depends on if you are looking at the front or the back of the clock.
Just give him a chance.
Red informs don't count as TOTW ):
What does "470 is a shit" mean ?
Every time I drop acid I end up having my mind blown thinking about Marxism and historical materialism.
Piracy
Never thought of it that way, but yes, in a way it is.
I'm sure he's a good guy, otherwise Trump wouldn't have picked him.
Yes, having conversations about the electability and qualifications of a person of course means that Democrats have given up.
But his kids will be running everything, he won't talk to them at all!
Did Thompson just try and shoot a 3?
Proportions?
Oh goody, they are holding the Lottery drawing and the out of towner conveniently wins to be sacrificed for this years crops.
BRING ME ANOZZER
yup!
1/3 the fine for a bigger hit... It's because he's black isn't it?
I'm not an American either but as I mentioned it is a solid plan if you want to temporarily kick start a local economy as was demonstrated the last time it was used.
PROFLIGATE
Thanks for the drop, thanks for the shoutout.
I like how the cammer needlessly cut someone else off to pull over.
What part of America will you be in?
Is it free?
There can only be one true Wildcats
Rush Limbaugh said it was biased.
Cat.
Kevin :), Some people here have started to call him George now.
keep on rollin' baby
Law Abiding Citizen, anyone?
Ididnt get ur sarcazm cuz u aint wrote
Or just normal people who don't want this shit in every subreddit.
Must be investing for POTM Allen
What makes you say it's artsy fartsy?
The party of fiscal responsibility.
See no difference
5 times more expensive to be exact
What does race have to do with anything?
Obligatory Blue Oyster Cult - Don't Fear The Reaper
Not that high, so I can't speak for that tier, but I've found that when I do get invaded, Forward Crunch gives me enough time to escape to a tower, although it seldom happens anyways.
Rilasciato dopo una chiamata della minetti in questura, pare sia passato come uno dei figli illegittimi di trump
I want this qoute to be my flair damn it, Mods please make it happen
Bud Light.
Fel rush to me has been the new Hunter barrage
Yeah but in Conquest if you hit level 5 without getting killed at least once than the enemy team is doing something terribly wrong.
What are those?
witnessed
yea, x2 need to ban so i can't see it
scouse that
Well Orson Hyde published a pamphlet on the first vision well before this quote
Danner's website sells them but they're about $200US and really not worth that much.
Money well spent
At least this time Russia doesn't have outdated vehicles that brake down on the road.
Really Nicolas?
And the Pulitzer goes to...
People complain about new training methods devaluing skills because they are faster while Jagex continue to shill out crappy "Promotions" where they hand out XP on a platter.
But the parties switched, 'member?
but emails, and bernie just bought a house
How the fuck do civilised people live without an electric kettle?
I never thought in the end it would be the Republicans who need safe spaces and trigger warnings.
This is well thought out and insightful commentary.
only 16 episodes this season ... so 170 altogether and TO is supposedly only 13, possibly another season with 9 tough i dont think that will happen
you forgot toast
The real cringe here is comic sans
BUT EMAILS.
It really isn't... Unless you are playing versus MF and Ashe or Cait MF, it's pretty easy to go at least even with vayne atm.
Scientists are so arrogant, thinking they have all the answers.
Then you drive out those would do look for something more interesting than pictures and more pictures, so even less of the non-photo threads get upvoted to the front page, it's a self-fulfilling prophecy.
Inhofe is going to have a field day with this idea.
I long for the days of Ed and his bacon sandwich
It was probably an Ayn Rand/Rothbard book so they should've burned that.
I mean he's always been a far superior grappler than he was a striker, I wish he'd focus on getting to the clinch and going for takedowns more rather than doing his awkward stutter step into overhand routine.
IIRC, they ditched that CEO and are trying to move the brand in a different direction
Being founded in 1887 led to the train of evens that made it 7-0
no, it's people like YOU that are the problem.
Because of the elderly population.
Who would had thought globalization work on insects as well.
I had both Lamar Miller and Kelly as my starting running backs (14 team league so it's a grind)... random question, but do you think Cooks (or Baldwin) and Miller is worth it for Melvin Gordon?
Thank you
Yep, that's exactly what is missing to make people love Islam even more.
How does it feel being a closeted pedophile
YES BECAUSE AGE OF ULTRON WAS A MASTERPIECE OF COURSE
Peck
*arms heavy*
He may have the attitude that his rugby is more important than his wellbeing, Lewis Moody-esque.
Yes, reasonable
Actually he's a Muslim suicide bomber
Don't worry, all we need to get out of that situation is an "average" teenage girl with two potential boyfriends, one sibling and some reason the chip doesn't work on her.
Have you really been waiting all this time to do that?
Who knows, maybe the robots have already taken over in 2045 and plugged/uploaded us into a simulation of a mostly robot-free past in order to give us the illusion of power?
JDM has been underwhelming in times of his need :(
Not worth picking up at 5 though, as it doesn't actually give you any extra dice at that point.
I mean my parents along with thousands of other koreans wouldn't have moved to the US if Korea was so great overall.
Because nothing says "I have a well reasoned argument" like a stand up comedy bit.
*waves opposite everyone else in the row*
Maybe you dropped this?
Don't worry BRO the ref was WRONG
duh u nub its because u dont have v-sync on
What is this place?
Used to, now he doesn't post anymore.
About my depression and how it'll affect the relationship.
Sure!
Oh good then I guess we don't have to care about delivering justice now, let her go I say!
Ok yes you're right, and I was debating saying "the force" instead simply because of Han Solo
Get ublock origin.
Is it not?
I'm ashamed to say DITTO
Them refusing to call him an Islamic terrorist just makes all refugees look that much worse.
Pepe will ban you.
uhhh possibly neither... keep a watchout Rawls might be limited, Hyde hasnt offically got out of the concussion protocol.
Nice
The last time I check batman drinks and fucks random women!
Enroll yourself in a grappling martial art, get all the health and happiness you want - just don't mention your reasons for signing up.
story?
We should just bring back Golden Bow
That boost was insane
We can call ourselves "The Hearty-boys" I'll just go....
The VG248QE is mediocre even by TN standards from 8 years ago.
It would make a good backstory.
/thread
Why no anticipation / protection on Mosque tho, police are racists
Korra del rio
Joerger probably doesn't like Israel.
It's only hurt by being affliction.
I don't see how you could answer this question unless you were redditing.
What is starting?
Goodbye.
id argue that secret pally during it's time was easier to play, shaman decks need to think about overload which isnt really that hard but it's something
Those birds would have died of thirst anyways.
Looks like back-of-the-head voldemort
I was using phpstorm for the longest time, switched to a packaged text editor (atom.io) last month.
Fair point, albeit Arkans are pretty fast too.
Shhhhhh
Balls grew bigger, too.
Just the Hiero with something else, can't remember to be honest ;( sorry it'd be cool if there was a breeding history or something like that :) it was in the epic breeding island though.
The candidate for everyone, and the candidate for no one.
This does not look staged at all
But I thought that Russian ships are OP and that everyone would play these OP ships.
Internet explorer
They aren't the worst, but I'd prefer a 'good' feeling membrane board over them.
less and less every day.
How do you toast toast without power?
Looked like the handgun had tape too, so possibly could have been concealed until someone got close.
I should've added the
What's the best izakaya in Shibuya?
Did I really need to add an
It's sad for my gf but I won't talk it out, we're better off without them and with my own bro's.
If you don't even know why Trump won then you are the reason he won.
You haven't Googled it well enough.
A I R D L
May need a close up of the box logo but the p doesn't look like it has an oval
The only one I know that was built is in the back yard of a McMansion in Oregon.
and free tickets and travel to watch it live
what a quitter.....needs to get his priorities straight
No, they hate money.
I got trinity
Iris become queen and lead humanity to a bright future.
To completion, yes.
RIP Checo
I mean, he's basically in the academy for Liverpool
Get ready for a rollercoaster of emotions
wat
Hey, they don't need your votes to win elections so who cares what you think?
That maybe atheists aren't completely horrible people
hadn't noticed that!
At first I thought this was a troll saying the original was better.
i liked gladiators concept i hope we get some more skills to play around with him come friday
Oh no
Ah yes, fastest laps = greatness.
No the cocaine was the thing keeping him up.
yea but shin got passed that so the next time they meet i would imagine shin coming out on top
With a brand new Fish AI system, your player will now admire the wonderful aquatic wildlife instead of the game.
Wtf this doesn't have anything to do with organic gluten free fair trade
Must be a humbling experience, but he seems like a humble guy anyway.
That much is obvious, you can't even decide whether or not to use profanity
No, all they need is McLaren fucking up, Ferrari being Ferrari, and a Venezuelean driver
And SC is about to crush Alabama in that championship game
He wanted to make Europe great again.
This is the second one like this I've seen today.
WPF
Nah it's because the backup wheel is filled with helium which lifts the back of the car up and thus makes the total weight of the car go down
Yea, our 2nd amendment rights are the most important thing right now!
You're forgetting about the roving bands of poor Canadians who can't get their businesses seeded!
WHAT IS THAT YOU HOLD, DRUID?
He had happy feet
One of them has a W on it?
But policemen are entitled to their own opinion and by saying that their opinion that domestic violence is OK you are violating their right to freedom of speech and that makes you just as bad as them.
BENIS :DDDD
The wall just got 10 feet higher.
Dive for that Weddle.....
To look badass
Still doesn't beat a Scatter Arrow.
Leeches op
I also did the mod on the kitchen counter so I can easily wash and rinse the old thermal goop.
got to love the strawman logic in this comic
tru dat.
Not Portugal, ze Germans
Ian Terry
If he does not come in on this drive you may have been totally correct.
That is awful
When I was a kid I loved waking up... got up at 4 in the morning to watch X-men cartoons
Where's the shoe dropping gif?
Your clearly getting downvoted by people below the poverty line...
Oh lawd!
Yea, they seem to get buried.
that is what the nap is for
Gotta spend money to make money
Same
"People like you are the reason ISIS wants to destroy America" Yeah that's a totally reasonable reaction
Dammit... Youve got the lyrics wrong again Jason!
I will remember this.
I just hope he slips on his bike and hits his unprotected head on something, because there's no need to traumatize other road users with his dumbfuckery.
Losing them neutral bases at the opening did give Connery momentum
Finally, Americans are no longer afraid to call a black person a spade.
That's because it's the *wrong* faith.
W.O.W.
Meanwhile in Loompaland, Trump is winning and anyone that says otherwise is a shill.
Y'all must be really happy to finally be relevant after two decades.
Cause uh spanish speakers listen to spanish speaking sports casters
but horseshoe theory doesnt real!
It was and call stood.
I know it's like a meme that the refs keep screwing us over but it's actually a serious problem that undermines the integrity of the game and NFL refs seriously need to be held more accountable.
Yeah that's probably the closest comparison
Indeed, no one who has ever entered a raid not solo is obviously padding their parse and should have never uploaded
Controversial opinion, but I like Rem.
The game devs are such misogynists for covering these women.
Damn, the cancellation of that show really rear ended me
I got my sister a nexus 5x and it always feels faster than my Nexus 5.
This headline lol.
He's living the dream most people in my town dream about having.
It is just a job~
Dutch
Definitely wasn't propoganda meant to sink trump
...what did your wife say?
He'd do better as president than trump, this guy would at the very least *Look at* the security briefings.
What isn't upvoted on this thread?
It will be interesting, especially with the 3, if this becomes a thing
God bless mining jurisdictions with absolutely zero environmental laws to protect watersheds etc.
so my analogy was even more accurate than i intended ;)
Just wait until he plays against a real defense
It's the qbs fault tho
Still doesn't surpass future HOF Dak Prescott.
Asics Gel Lytes III or New Balance 574
Bhondus Allen keys, brass hammer set, Kennedy mashinist toolbox, an ID mic, depth mic, radius gauges, parallels, drill bit set, tap/die wrench, tap and dies, good set of files/needle files... all the essentials i can think of at the moment
This annoys me just as much as drivers who don't put their lights on in the rain in built-up areas, visibility is already at an all time low and I have no idea if you're driving or not when all I see is grey
I see that you make exceptions, But I don't give a fuck.
I'm not at home right now, but I can get a picture in a day!
I was so terrified at the thought of the dog ripping her throat out....
L0L
How high was the math requirement for your undergrad?
Hi there historian, why Hilary is the second worst candidate in the WHOLE history of our country.
Everyone about 855 ilvl, first week of mythic+ our first +10 key, tyrannical, Dantonillix, Shadow bolt volley one shot us, all the time ; ;
Collateral damage
I can't get upvotes that way
Fire Cromatose!
I'm finding that there's barely any vets at all
But Clinton has a vagina, so that cancels out her whiteness.
**DADDY PLEASE**
Pay a homeless dude to piggyback you home
Yes because I know how to math
You still are.
And North Korea is a democracy.
Still sells for a million+
I just checked their site and it's $400 there also lol
just like the last 3 weeks.
He'll release his tax records as soon as Obama releases his birth certificate
Yeah, but if I was starting a franchise I'd still go Wentz.
It's telling that the police union thinks the term "black lives matter" is offensive.
American On Line and Netscape didn't have it either.
Which one Adam or Eve?
I should stick to experts on homopohbia on these matters... Like Hitler.
Personally, I say remove kebab.
I used to want to be a pilot, now I shine lasers at them.
So you admit your girlfriend is a bigot?
It's never bad if it's yours :)
What's the drone package?
Alpine theme doesn't have sand as an option, unfortunately.
So edgy
Those two people should not be in the same sentence.
There's a 100% historically accurate Doctor Who episode that covers what really happened
African-American Prince.
Public bathrooms with kids is the boss level of parenting, we have all been there.
The people who hosted the tournament.
Das war bestimmt sarkastisch gemeint.
Well obviously they were reading the same subreddits, d'oh!
Let's hope this one is in focus when we send it up!
And he's reading "A Brief History of Time" by Stephen Hawking!
I've got my popcorn ready and a trump4life alt-account so I can enjoy a frontrow seat.
I need somebody here to draw me the most amazing picture of a watermelon ever for my kitchen, don't worry, people will see it and you'll get *exposure* edit -
I second this motion
Fork put-downs.
Hey it has a shell from 1949, that makes it fair, right?
I would sacrifice all my children at a Spirit Cooking event.
Yeah, I'm sure not one was thankful at all back then.
looks like a sweet BMX jump ...totally safe...
Not like the most likely issue this happens with (the capital ships) are a time sensitive purchase or anything, so definitely take your time and read the fine print.
Since you used the cancer analogy, I'd liken it more to chemotherapy than a bandaid.
Can confirm mision success
Imagine if people actually liked COD.
The exact opposite really, Iraq is a fake country after all.
That's exactly what the nazis said
Wow now that's an offer I wouldn't refuse!
You dropped this:
I noticed how BS the American education system was in middle school.
wow, thanks for absolute definition of the "fun" for everyone
Opening up to people is hard but life can be so much sweeter when you do.-ImGrompy 2016 Self esteem is too low to take my own advice though.
FashionFrame: Because _Fuck Your Lore!_
Have a message archiver here, no issues.
Raider is already too good, lets give Pathfinder 20% chance to get a frenzy on flask use to make it better.
Oh, it's okay because he backed away from all the racist shit.
the trick to fine woodworking is learning how to hide your mistakes
Bleeding Me is a fantastic song too, the ending guitar solo with the band playing at full force gives me goosebumps.
Kachow
I'm sorry, but that doesn't work with my liberal narrative.
He will never be satisfied.
Matchbox Twenty - How Far We've Come
"2-3mg of THC is enough to produce a high" Lol I wish
Sorry, I didn't realize you were such an authority on all things entrepreneurial and were here to *give a talk* to us lesser people.
And Super Bowl Champion Trent Dilfer.
Why wouldn't you recommend rebounding?
Man that is some grand master wizard level shit
That don't include tackling though...definitely the reason why they losin.
It won't directly affect me in my life so why should I care?
Equal rights!
It happened long before that on ships over $85 with the Herald's concept sale.
Wait, is 2016 getting better?
Shoulda put it in the bill of rights right from the start then!
Sorry, I must always be on your team...I can never play OP champs well.
Now put three powerful magnets in its feet, and one giant magnet in the center of its base, so it can levitate!
I think you meant doggy dog world there, buddy.
Or use Pepakura and make an armor yourself.
Nice line!
thanks lol just tried it and got it
Because she is entitled to be better.
Do your parents still do your paper work for you though?
yeah, I'm sure continuing the scorched-earth, total warfare tactics against the South would've been much better at healing our nation.
Worth noting for others, I believe the "go to" option isn't on console.
Another fine piece of journalism posted on such an honorable subreddit.
Why release a free demo, when you can charge people close to full price for the demo?
I forgot the
I'm not sure, I wouldn't want John Harbaugh after he just lost to a team that was 4-12 last year, and Chip Kelly couldn't contain an offense that has one of the oldest QBs in the game running it.
Hahaha
I'm not rich therefore it doesn't work.
For sure I have two scatter grenades
I don't disagree, and I would absolutely never vote for Trump, but anyone that thinks that Clinton is pro- middle-class or Progressive is fooling themselves.
How long did it take you?
He dropped this
Well, considering Ben Carson's assertion that Obamacare is the worst thing since slavery, I think abolishing it is a great idea.
Gotta do something to stop 2015 from happening again and having all those pesky Costa Ricans killing the ratings
but he's an independent!
Biology was last year, that means I can be ignorant again.
But, Sony pays Bungie good money which obviously benefits the game
What, you don't need 17 cloaks?
which is weird because I only feed him baked ziti.
Haha I LOL'd
**user has been banned**
SAME
Excuse you, according to Mackenzie it's Network marketing and we're going to lock arms and be zillionairs
Redneck for short.
Which would only matter if people ever got Riven mods instead of 2k endo for 6 consecutive days......
Seeing the Original Trilogy Rebel fleet and original x-Wings in amazing modern CGI is so awesome.
Old
Yeah , they already did.
*Brain explodes*
What the fuck how closed do your ears need to be to believe this bullshit
Your right trump has a tremendous understanding of the Middle East.
It shows weakness, at which point you get your ass handed you.
Man the hell with quality assurance, just find a guy willing to smoke for cash under the table haha
His wrists should be straight for this exact reason, but he can flex the muscles to make them extend either way
It's called the anti-minority-rule, stating "If you're not white and don't have a dong, git gud"
id say having bad gags doesnt mean you have no skill, it would probably mean, you're either lazy or a total idiot.
Yeah, what a piece of shit.
Good thing 13WHAM interviewed Anthony Daniele because his kid was supposed to go on that trip but backed out
Cool, I always wanted to rebuild another settlement in 3d
LOL
TIL 1 is a number
But selfdestruct is viable for when explosion won't work.
I need some sauce at least just so I know wtf they look so calm.
Perhaps, based on their perceived imperfections, we should all just pick and choose what SCOTUS decisions to respect and obey.
So right now he can be caught?
True, because you don't get a second pack that usually contains a bronze player, but has the occasional potential for something better.
Sub is hella fun, and it feels like you dodge all enemy attacks and just rip through their soul with your teeth-daggers.
Please tell me more about how my white Slavic ancestors accumulated privilege and power.
Play stupid game win stupid prizes that old maxim my friend
You don't watch basketball.
Lobsters are a North Eastern thing.
Am I still allowed to be outraged that she's black or nah?
You realize single-payer is just as deep in Big Pharma's pocket as cannabis prohibition, right?
Hit 60s with no braziers lit is so reasonable.
Probably hoped he could find a way to stay, but knew he couldn't do it once he actually got there.
It's just a government conspiracy to keep the real cures away from the poor people, and get their money follow towards the pharmaceutical companies where they want it man.
So is the University of Georgia system.
No the Titans made it 99% of the way.
Trade Ryan Anderson for him.
Such a professional correspondence.
Glad to see they are still developing a bit, they had said they were done developing this years car a while back.
Yup, all twelve of them!
Rivet city in Fallout 3 for sure.
But they cut their hair
No, he was being a typical Raiders fan.
Well, you're here, so obviously you weren't righteous enough.
When your nihil wonders why you summoned an ice nihil instead of a smoke
Plato was just having a bit of a lark but its gotten way out of hand.
No... no it's not.
Ted Mosby?
Seriously, what is the worst thing to happen beside HIV or kids, or HIV kids?
Deus Vult
Or piss on his shoe to establish territory and dominance
You must be fun to hang out with.
You hate winston players?
let's see who will be the prophet who predicted everything right this year o:
I'd say that's slightly above average
But seriously though who names a prequel "2"?
Don't forget to remove funding for community services and organisations as well, take everything you can from the poor bastards.
yes it is... why else would you call it next.js ?
Lo vendiste a 1000 al final seguro
Talk to any public servant about what it's like to have a good or bad minister and they'll go on for hours.
Burning is from 30 to 14. my first final is on the 14th :c
It was a great year
Lol
Yeah, because we all know the left is incapable of this kind of behavior
fake news made kanye sick... i'll never conspiracy theorize again...
I make this mistake more often then I like to admit... I'm sorry..
I feel like property tax is more wealth than income.
Heart of the swarm had it's day.
That's literally how it works
Trying now.
I guarantee you that she will still go to make herself a "martyr" in front of a bunch of racist, homophobic, dances with Satan, trump supporters.
Check your privilege you cis gender bi-pedal male genitalia possessor.
Yes we do!
You do know 'massively' was the qualifier for 'multiplayer' right?
Ya lets get rid of divisional rivalry for the sake of a single home playoff game.
I hope this warrior isn't Aggro
Still the most recent Williams GP win
My handwriting looks like a child's.
Sealion Dion
I look at the recommended videos as long as it takes me to realize I'm not looking at my subscriber list.
that's my sunset
All that spam is amazing...
I have read war and peace 7 time in the past 5 years and I am better than all of you fantasy novel readers because of it!
You're just farming downvotes aren't you?
Well since it is San Francisco, you shitting in a corner is not necessarily unique
Still though, that's preferable to not being able to shit.
Sorry, I'm trying to put all the pieces together, but it sounds like the biggest question is whether Trump received this information directly from the people who are doctoring emails and trying to influence the election, or whether his campaign people are so stupid that they actually used Sputnik as a source to give him information and he didn't check?
It can only be so many characters just keep trying.
They were hinting at supply drops in MWR
Technically just yesyesno
And yet they still complain about how Thanksgiving is a "racist" holiday.
I'm sure a man would have gotten the same sentence.
Yeah that Marta line that goes to Medlock park is great.
Ditto.
It's gonna be Chad because our guys hate Elliott and are purposely ruining his numbers.
It's the old HHKB the HHKB Lite, which is a rubber dome?
In my opinion toy story 3 was better than toy story 3
and here i thought 10 milions was plenty
Because those studies are done by post wall feminazis sluts!
The Toyota Prius unintended acceleration and lost resale value class action only paid a little bit less than that.
hope they do as well as their csgo team
view botting probably
People will soak up anything with the star wars name on it as long as the hype consensus is that it's a good movie based on feelings and opinions.
2/10 you didn't steal the plane and proceed to annihilate his team with their own plane
It's definitely really cool and would be fun, but you know it would get kind of annoying after a while when the novelty wears off.
If the HW website is any real indication, its distro is reaching everywhere **but** DFW.
IIRC AlienBlue mutes audio from most videos unless the phone's silent mode switch is set to allow ringer sounds as well
A fine job done by all (shakes hand)
We might be able to sign Bortles off the street after 2017.
Look at every defender ever in a controversial handball/offside decision.
yeah i mean no one ever leaves their lane in LOL or DOTA2.
We wouldn't have the wonderful Clinton Foundation.
proving grounds?
Yooooo her ass is crazy
Buy pepe
Therefore, buy his bonus buckets to survive!
Maybe at youbreakifix on Ten Katestraat?
Dont be weird dude
They should just make the extra point a 45 yarder and really make them earn it
I would have never guessed.
Oh my word, I have for the past few weeks been finding this may may so unfunny and just really terrible but somehow the stupidity of this made me burst out in laughter.
My same dilemma.. D:
A little late for these conversations, dontcha think?
So classy
Yeah, most adult men are totally full after eating 1/3 of a burrito and everybody likes throwing away 2/3 of something they just paid 8 dollars for.
That's not a great tip for large worlds; one of my two main worlds has had 2 ice biomes since spawn, one on the same side as the dungeon.
"Rapist:" followed by a picture should never EVER be on social media unless you are the actual fucking police making a warning about an ACTUAL FUCKING RAPIST.
Well that's not very nice.
Ooh maybe, I don't know of them xD but yeah I'm thinking Indy small online store, Beserk spring to my mind today.
good and i hope the evil chinese government is shitting itself.
Taking the thanks out of thanksgiving smh
I think they give you a free child sex slave for signing up
Dallas police shooting ring a bell?
Good thing everything is now mod approved till dec 13th to avoid spoilers!
That game's story is so bad I purged my memory of that game.
Improving our lives with better technology that changes over time is silly.
I know right, why would they allow a black kid in school
Ofc
because BO3 had no major issues
A normal orange would be a better candidate!
My man
Reported.
If you like that then Dark Souls maps will blow your mind
I must have dropped this:
Yeah that's a real head scratcher.... Why would someone want to spend time with people who treat them well?
She was a little sweetheart, still she got the train question wrong!
Is there a video of this?
i wonder why
Bingo!
But Obama said there is no such thing as election fraud in the USA
Pick two RBs not named AD and Woodhead.
That's one hell of a clean stereo install.
Who has time for that?
Fuck swap to wednesday night snittys and you can go out twice as much and save money!
Thanks so much.
Finally a worthy comment that doesn't make men look like insensitive fools, this should be top god dammit
I'd explain it to you, but there aren't enough crayons and sock puppets in the world to do it.
Im 20 and i never shagged around really
CA = Canada, so nope.
Thanks Reddit admins, truly making the front page a wonderful place
For passing the "O" levels and finishing my diploma.
I'm sad that I did caused I got neither with 18 summons QQ
they want you to drive TO the pokestop but not PAST it.. surly hasn't to do anything with sponsored pokestops or alike
Why are these even relavent?
i can not wait to hear all the great Ohio State guests they are going to have on today
Yeah nevermind that it could help you get off or get a reduced sentence... always lie to a cop, right?
WTF Riot, I didn't get one.
I need jill on mvc3
Yeah, it's totally rude to dance with somebody without them knowing upfront what's in your pants.
I take offense to this!
The chicken...cuz an egg can't have an orgasm.
Because he's one of the most influential public figures in America.
It's only been like 60 years things don't change that much.
Right, because the electoral college is brilliant and makes so much sense in 2016
Who even plays for fun in 2016
same here btw.
6 Mbps/768kbps ADSL is good enough for anyone as long as you keep your damn cable or satellite TV service like wholesome conservative-Americans do.
Alright, thank you very much!
Weird, for us it was the chemistry teacher and a former student.
Texas... THere are only 2 things that come form Texas...
wow everyone look at me i know the metric system!
Where's Kanye?
I buy vinyl from smaller bands, and it pretty much always comes with a URL to download the music in MP3 or FLAC.
Ha I was hoping to see this posted here, is this the "cookie monster vocals" guy as well?
Buy pokemon sun and moon
I feel like Texans make up 90% of the "Classy Williams" of the Corps.
You're just a small-minded bigot who's afraid of blacks
It's like.... we're the same person... QUICK NAME YOUR FAVORITE SUPER HERO batman!
"You've got a lotta nerve talking to me like that!"
Ahhh, that makes sense, thanks (I've never played that one and I got into VinnyVania much later).
Well we got Obama and he's not american born
Pluck nose hairs seemingly every other day.
They've always been crazy, they're just easier to spot now.
Don't worry, there definitely won't be any more censorship beyond this.
DEUTSCHLAND JA
I like to think of it as inspiration.
Because their coach is a joka
No mention of the attempted robbery that happened in Shaw last night around the same time, except the homeowner shot at the robber and stopped it.... I wonder why.
you havent seen my 12 zelnites ;)
Yeah you are right, lets hope somebody finds a good setup where she fits gl's standards
I usually pick Neith mid to complete the comp for mage ADCs or I take her to solo, if a warrior is going ADC.
When it is done and this franchise is in ashes, then you have my permission to be sad.
Trump supporters are so violent, that they make other people violent!
You're right, they should hide in the shadows forever
You know car manufacturers don't cater to the American public because I cant put my 64oz Big Gulp in the cup holder
He didn't try and kiss it better, Ronaldo must hate him, Bale's out soon.
At what level?
Tennis is way more profitable than the NFL!
Very symptomatic ...
I'm surprised that no one got shot yet.
With the stuff you seen in this game, was expecting the tank to blow up and the horse to come out unscathed.
Clearly it is all the fault of people who's job it is to enforce the law actually doing that job, rather than the people who knowingly break the law.
You must be some Soros funded CTR shill
Pleasing everyone is the liberal mo
This also crashes some android phones.
MORE
Gladly, anything is better than default
Changing colors and stuff.
Yeah, how dare he play within the confines of the game to out-play his opponent!
The banks, he set up his own IMF with BRICS, and he isnt allowing Rothschilds into his country, that's all.
"Actually, I recently converted to Islam!"
Not to mention both Xbox and PS network will ban your system.....
What about TrumpEd, a new national K-12 charter education startup run for profit ... because only the private sector knows how to run things, right?
Good job Xerte *slow claps* Unit analysis?
unless the impact / explosion happened directly above an inhabited area.
Don't call them that, that's why Trump won.
If you have a teammate with HOF brick wall it's not even fair.
Who need intelligence briefings when they have Google and Yandex?
At least he'll be a solid 9 taking into account his wonderful personality
Well, 7.1.5 will be good for you :)
Yeah, but Hillary was just as bad.
I like.
yeah the first time you get all the way in there....your like "ahhhh"
Whazzat, what flair?
Probably voted for Bernie, then had the audacity to come here and say that.
Clearly the turkeys are unarmed though!
I prefer Status Quo Warrior movement
North
You should double check your math.
Jay has been Martz era Jay bad.
Also, you're like the 30th person to do it this week.
Are we the baddies now?
Chem trails lmfao
Do you have any suggestions for books on the subject?
what....?
Me too
Nice video.
good, keep in line, and back to the herd ;)
the problem is that all of those either suck or have to start in lane to get level 2-3.
"I don't even know what a vegan is, I just know that I'm supposed to hate them."
No no no it's 50/50 you either get it or you don't.
Griffindor is for special snowflakes
This sounds like it would make a pretty terrible movie plot, unless you made some seriously bad choices in the last year
Here, you dropped this:
This guy should go pro
Go to UNC.
Nobody wanted it anyway
Unless there's nothing there, in which case, your OCD is severely triggered and you're too lazy to do some workaround method when Bungie should've fixed it a long time ago anyhow.
Look... if you're going to let a simple thing like a non-essential organ like a single kidney or single lung or testicle stand between you and home ownership... then I question your motivation to even own a home in the first place.
Most people are 17 by the end of the school year..
Blue scout rifle with shoot to loot from Crota days
Nah because the East is weak as fuck and anyone can get to the conference finals there.
Member berries are a dangerous thing...
P.O.T.E.N.T.I.A.L
Right, note to self, any time nobody appears, it's a reference to Undertale
Are they gonna miss his entrance too lol?
You're welcome I wish original source on ITV could upload it to their Youtube channel.
Well then voting Hillary because trump is racist is equally stupid.
Its like shes a yeti.
Reminds me of the movie Dune.
Sprinkle some crack on him Johnson.
he clearly said he doesnt care what you say.
Ja das kann auch ein Problem sein..
thats funny bcause i am a b
3 hours of 100% orange juice
Starboy - The Weeknd
Thanks dude.
Every single last bit of plastic created over the past 100 years and you only get $78mil So Much monies
When the recount shows that she actually won the state people are going to shit their pants.
And women laugh that men are scared of girls...
Because Delhi wants to be known as the comedy capital rather than rape capital of India
They use domestic gear partly because their own stuff is designed to fit Japanese physique.
That's okay, just tell your employer to pay you for the extra time it takes to get to work.
I usually don't buy QR until I have my 3 other perks, because if I go down before that, then I would usually restart anyway
Solved!
Slightly off-key, but meta, and I like it.
Talk like this is why Trump won!
VLONE
You mean you don't like arguing with relatives about politics?
Ox is good for anything
Thus is great and i stole it for my mass sms
Well, at least they don't pay taxes.
What scenes?
Yes, the black one is all mine!
no they are mistri's.
Seems like the diabolical plot should precede the cryptex.
Maybe they sold him a Flashlight instead and he's genuinely confused.
the servers suk ill take those upvotes
Of course the Indianapolis Motor Speedway actually seats more people than any of those (or potentially any other race track in the world).
Those are closer to event moves than level-up.
I forgot the
we paid for the game, so we should be able to enjoy it however we want!
What's a spud?
Maybe if we had less deckslots it wouldn't be as confusing
see, dere snow on ground, climate change not wreel
This is essentially my story.
You lost me at "human interaction"....
But I bet they are "a significant amount healthier than their massed produced equivalent" in a less elite grocery chain...
Yup, it's pretty good.
I wana suk ur tets
Annie: Everyone loves you.
More clown headgear pls.
Because US interests are the interests of US capitalists and they stand to gain from cheap labour.
But if only 2 people are killed, isn't it not a mass shooting?
Ne Zha, Erlang Shen, Awilix Aggressive aggressive aggressive
I've heard rumors the blinds are retractable, so they only use them against the visiting team.
The LNJ fans stopped splitting votes.
Nah, too mad zooted
can we try a turnstile?
He didn't even finish the left side!
This made me sad... This is r/jokes not
That's why charters need more money!
The joke is that he has log, eb, electro wiz, and miner.
That's what ezeli was for
But Luck plays for the Colts
That makes him smart
I currently use an iphone 5 on AT&amp;T. What model of iphone 7 plus should I consider to avoid these weaknesses?
How many licks does it take to get to the tootsie roll center of a tootsie pop?
Sorority
I would never dates beautiful woman if... *Gasp* her armpits were darker than the rest of her skin.
boring map, terrible performance on pc (nearly unplayable on powerful machines), worse driving, removed features, boring missions, dumbed down gameplay, etc
Community
Did you miss the last eight years of Obama instituting Sharia law?
Prayer should get you far
Perhaps some things are dramatized or reenacted, but ask yourself this: would the Ramseys be scrambling to produce a favorable A&amp;E documentary and have Burke appear on TV for the first time EVER if some of this weren't accurate and threatening to them?
Go straight, then left, then right.
I guess there is some truth to the theory that the producers have it out for her this season.
Remind me never to invest in your business ventures :P
Nah, that babies a white supremacist
Es de un strip club?
Crackers are the flesh of a person.. yeah, that's perfectly normal you see
Oh yeah, of course she's joking, but it's clear as day that she's trying way too hard for Pratt.
bo3 sold about 1.1 million on each console on release but with the release between both titanfall 2 and battlefield 1 and it outsold both of them so I would say that's pretty good.
Never seen that before
People need to research the difference between cost and value
The best part is because non game owners could only play as a shy guy it made you want to buy it to play a character you like without forcing you.
Nah dude if you just try hard enough you can definitely out grapple a fucking gun
I've gotten the game recently and after like 10 hours I feel like I've experienced everything there is to experience, what am I doing wrong ?
Too bad I'm still on Windows 7
I thought Hamilton and hulk was ahead before the crash?
Yeah it's not like the poster we've seen wasn't exactly like this or anything
The fb page has to be fake.
Nobody need *them*.
Ugh dem suvveners cumin up 'ere stealin our jerbs
This is a great day for reddit
Would be cool if they applied this kind of artwork to the churches in inferno just me tho
You mean an old guy who lets kids sit in his lap all day?
Nuclear Arms Race in a nutshell
Gratis voor studenten overigens.
Because mass transit is for poor losers
But you can't calculate your savings without buying products
Good Ryouko costume as well.
I don't understand why they just don't race indoors, or at least put towels down when it gets wet...
He was going for about 100k on my server.
Winrar is a thing 343, check it out.
first the take our audio spam they remove the animation spamming when we become complacent
Shouldn't be hard to do in tally
Liechtenstein is not a EU member.
Is it the same with normal/heroic though?
They could fix the mechanic so people don't just randomly get banned for stumbling upon it?
Feminists have written extensively on the puzzle that is feminism's apparent historical inability to accurately predict women's collective behavior or to successfully change its pattern.
can be a 30cm drop with a 10x increased gravity
I don't fancy their odds....
Yeah, self-described "Socialists" always do really well in US elections.
Please tell me more about how the people who actively hunt down and detain criminals do nothing to prevent crime.
Nobody called her disgusting and I'm not talking about her specifically - I'm replying to comments where people talk about the topic in general
Tupurrware
Well the North started it by electing Lincoln.
Damn i thought its a card game of some sort
We dont want Asians in CS:GO, look what they did to LoL... 80% of players are korean now.
I for one think that **all** details matter.
No it was just a shit joke (not OP)
Yes like Trump is a racist con man.
But now that we've had it a certain way, it's not FAIR that I have to support/not do my preferred role in 1/3 games (maybe)
It means that every 11 characters should be an SSR
Damn I can't believe I've never hear did this before
I just spew hate-speech ironically, triggered much?
Cool, but a lot of us didn't.
Escape and debilitate not bound you deserve to lose that
What an *odd* coincidence that this story pops out the day after Tory hits us with his new tolls on the the Gardiner and DVP.
it was a
Nice flair dude.
#NAME?
Flair checks out.
What Last Airbender movie?
watch out guys players might boycott the next major because of fan criticism
BUT AMERICA FIRST ALWAYS!
No, you get the mini NES that's coming out.
I still have to add the ACRL logos and my number, but otherwise it is done.
Welp if they don't see other simians as equals why should we?
At least that one makes sense
I have been playing since silver and have not even seen one that i could catch
He's gonna build a wall and hawlucha is gonna pay for it.
You forgot the
It'll work just like the rest or the game.
Oh, I like long swords!
sadly enough people expect certain genres to be disgusting to women, so it's not really called out all that much.
Meh, close enough.
Top floor of a parking garage in Orlando in the back of a mustang convertable.
What's a cis person?
Bc
Totally, because China needs access to our markets more than we need access to theirs
no but a Flynn plushie did
Yep the only way to make up for this is for all white people to just kill themselves now
Vic from the show "George Lopez" must be having the best day after Thanksgiving ever.
My gosh... the pressure these men must feel with the weight of a game must be immense.
I guess there were none of Trump's "poll watchers" around to keep things honest.
Thats the Great Leaders personal rollercoaster.
GO SKT!
But muh southern strategy!
Paranoid + RoboCop
but he centralized healthcare and education plus the US kills people too sometimes so Castro is good
Yeah it was a pretty bad market crash considering I made over 700k profit
Also no blinking, moving or leaving
Du Nazi!
Puh...The more I don't know about it, the happier I get, I think...
But the gold plating makes it go faster.
if its me buy me a xbone or gaming pc
Eat shit and die
She didn't authorise shit, OP clearly did.
Good thing the ATM asks you for your entire card number when you need money.
I really hope your being
This thread would be much better with reasoning rather than throwing random names down
factz
Sorry i forgot the
deep
That's good news
He mentions English clubs that Basel had played against
*a little over a month
Out of the 30 or more games of operations I've played not once was I put in a match that hadn't started yet or just the very beginning with 5 or less attackers killed.
Nah, teachers are lazy mooches, better defund schools!
Well thought out counterclaim that supports your argument you've got there!
National Pornographic
I can't believe he had the nerve to speak the truth, disgusting!
I guess I forgot the
It sounds like he isn't sure why she hasn't called in tears yet, so he keeps texting her "are you ok?"
I think it was specifically just women, which isn't insulting at all.
Great, that's what I thought because it has its own chip and network interface.
everyone wins i dont see the problem
Some Pokemon were retyped, like Magnemite.
you forgot your
reload with 10 bullets in cs LUL what do you think this is COD?
Yeah I feel real bad, I wish he was still here so he could keep throwing gay people in concentration camps.
or maybe a right to reproduce is fundamentally part of what it means to be a human and should not, in any way, interfere with your right to work.
You're welcome.
Sprite as long as it's accompanied by a Big Kahuna Burger.
Warriors now literally destroying the league like the media kept complaining about.
Because yes.
It's almost as if Reddit is made up of millions of different people with opposing viewpoints
Luckily hordes pay 50% reinforcement costs now in 1.19
Question: If 1 guy can change a rear wheel in 6.13 seconds, how long does it take 3 guys to change a smaller front wheel?
Feelings.
this is what I do as well
He descends from aliens iirc.
You do realize that when the government eats some of the cost it usually trickles down to us covering the cost with the added government mismanagement premium.
Sadly this is the part of ROBLOX that came from Youtubers not known for playing ROBLOX except the MLG Roaster who was a descendant of the original Robloxians.
Open cases
You can also get the Fury for like $40 more.
Not really comparable to the inequality in Brazil, Russia, India, China, and South Africa is it?
Swimming is much more strenuous over the whole body compared to just running.
To be fair the only reason the veteran boat fails is because half the team is AFK.
No way this dude fucked 3 girls with a voice like that.
I mean I'm all for freedom of choice but what does your clothing have to do with how you use your phone?
Cool story but its against the rules.
One could go as far as to say that the driver of said Lincoln would be arrested and thrown in jail, then have to call the aforementioned father to post his bail.
&lt;3
If you get a chance try some of WA states craft beers, I recommend Mt Tahoma Blonde, and Irish Death.
But we knew it was over when they named Jeremy Johnson the starter.
Gotta love those perfect squares.
Just lay your child down on the backseats, your baby wont roll off since there's no leg room anyway
It's because it's not the system that's screwing them, it's the immigrants!
Smothered it with love, affection, and puppies
this is fucked up, America.
Elaborate...
I have a feeling Armada was just told to sit and play a friendly with Abu before going on stage and he was too frustrated at the mang0 loss to be a part of it
They run the EU, no?
Damp and dark
Oreo cakesters, for sure.
I don't like the look of the Defender :P
Linux has worked well for me
Like who, America?
I'd agree but we both know that nobody who's flagging questions as dupes has actually bothered to read past the title.
I mean but we are in a scarcity economy, that's why things have value... Great episode nonethless
Just interested.
#AMERICA
Can't tell if
Smh maybe yall should get rid of Green
Why was Portland the 4th seed?
Those are the best games to win, the ones not deserved :)
Been doing maintenance for 5 years and I've never seen a stud finder work the way it's intended to, tried about 10 of them.
Well you may be liberal if you raise any point against racism
As a bay area resident, this (and the insufferable traffic) is why I work at night
How do the tools float
Is it signed "Radio E Progetti"?
Thank you kindly, and she does :)
Is that shots blocked for Barrie?
Definitely a buncha fatties
What does that even mean?
I'll go $5.00
this is quality shit post man at least i put time in it man, man why you gotta do this to me man, man my emotions are evoked man
Lol wut Apple products in the background
Huh... strange
I'm prescribing you a fucking dictionary and a primary school grammar book as a cure for whatever the fuck mental issue made you write that way Implied
Yeah, screw you for being a safe person!
Parempi linnaan kuin itse vammautua.
OFC, his head and not the window
That's a good idea!
A girl who looked about 13 gave us a cigarette.
It'll probably be fury.
Damn, grats on the rune scimitar pk Bank made, time well spent
Yeah I agree, I'm a massive Conor fan but I am also having trouble with the whole sports/entertainment thing, the UFC treats Conor just a little bit too well imo, sad they stripped the title but I think it's probably a move in the right direction
Found the guy who thinks 'well done' means the same thing as scoring an A at a test.
Me too, thanks.
Please stop... You're reminding me of my middle school days when I kept getting these terrible headphones because they were "cool".
*sniffle* Rise up...
If your life is all about social skills then your life needs a bit more life buddy
Yeah, it's about the upvotes!
Oh God I thought he was still decent at that point.
Slightly off topic wondering what content topics have been successful in this area?
The best you're going to get is Shaw Media.
If Nico drops Bernie, there goes his WDC.
He wants you to define "take a flyer"
Aerodynamics, man.
Clint Westworld
Vape, lesbian partner, kayak on the roof.
Yeah that was his plan all along
Pretty sure LeBron James got drafted straight out of high school
Nah man Sudfeld is the answer to our RZ problems.
Must be a typo or mistake, wouldn't make sense otherwise
Figures that Drumpf supporters can't understand true art.
what the fuck new source is iPolitics?
I bet it was BS, I'll look for it
"Wrong."
Typical libtard am I right?
Yeah, it probably didn't load properly.
Too soon, man...
Oh well, m8.
They told you to say that, didn't they?
You joke, but "tradition" is a common justification for many things in many places.
no hiv on mars also no mosquitos
That didn't have groups and it was just a qualifier so maybe he doesn't count that.
Sticking it up to the goras as per tradition
Just play Loki
If you pause it at the right moment you can see his dong.
Sooner then folks think.
Stewie before the cheats
It's ok, I'm sure they'll hire all those people back at a higher wage to do programming/maintenance
400 warlock experienced, Bluntamaru
TIL beards are *inflammable*.
That is seriously, *seriously* not cool.
It's a good thing too because you can't have a picture with a girl in a collar without it being obscene for the workplace.
You say "fix" like this was unintended, as mentioned multiple times, it appears this is actually meant to be like that due to him throwing it from his right side, not the center of his body, similar to why AMC's auto attacks are from his left.
Yea...
stupid liberals flying cuban communists into Milwaukee to commit voter fraud in Green Bay, open your eyes sheeple
Plus if you plug a power strip into itself, free energy!
Jesus God, OP you don't want to be present around my parents then, they are much worse, even after 20+ years of marriage..
lol 500 years get a life.
id upvote,,,yeah but no, just not feelin it, get out of my life
Yah thanks, and I'm amazed at your tolerance for cold.
Well no it was clearly America's fault because of the economic embargoes
It's awesome because it's disposable!
Don't worry, that record will be corrected soon enough.
He now has 12 of our 100+ penalties this year.
I think rayduh is talking about the games against the broncos and falcons, where the chiefs won off a lucky bounce and a pick-two.
Totally doesn't sound scammy at all
cuz being against all types of animal abuse and not just some is definitely elitist
You're right on that scene on the beach...brutal.
This was added with El Capitan last year, still a nice touch that many don't know about and can be easily disabled for those that don't like it.
They're moving to Potsdam NY?
Damn him tapping Karlsson's left leg then coming at him from the right has got to be the coolest part of this sequence.
You left off the
Or he's suffering from the mandela effect and in his previous dimension buffalo were extinct!
Dolores
That's hilarious - how do you respond to that sort of passive-aggression?
It was a chiefs player, that's why
its clearly about something else when all of these examples are about him making characters gay but whatever.
Got it, so as long as any questionable organization helps African orphans it's legitimste and not subject to any criticism.
The video ripping the Phantom Menace fight scene has ruined most of the "cool-looking" prequel fight scenes
If your favorite driver was a sandwich what kind of sandwich would he be?
You're a shit cunt.
Oooooooh I'm tellin!
I can only imagine the quantity of gear that will be popping out of enemies after a few waves of horde mode.
the kitty stretching is the best part.
Maybe they will finally drop that dead weight mid laner
would it make it better if i said T-Mobile/ Tygod is sexy?
While we're on the subject of time, WHY ARE YOU REPLYING TO A 2 MONTH OLD COMMENT?
Seems to be a Canada only sale, the US version is at the same price.
OP must be having a meltdown!
Your comment was so full of detail that I downvoted it.
I was distracted by the nip slip and had to go back and see the condom
2nd place at TI is no joke
Bloody economic migrants!
His name isn't spelled like Lacari
No.
The difference is that with public prisons, there isn't a commercial incentive that is cynically exploited by big-wigs that have sway with politicians.
That makes him smart.
Yea, nice attempt at trolling.
They should be throwing tea in the river.
Doesn't look like anything to me.
A famous Australian rugby league player got caught trying this in a pub so you're not alone.
West Asia = Europe
Ogre armor +1
+1 for the notation... IMO both lol :)
RSS
That can't be it, it has to be a marketing conspiracy, that's the only feasible option.
How dare you insinuate insider trading is going on in the crypto markets!
Yeah, also, did you notice that he's golden?
He will make the 3 million illegal aliens that voted pay for it!
Acer XB241H
Why actually take the time to research from what tribe (if any) the quote actually comes from where as you can just say 'African' and splooge your enlightenment across the Internet?
Too bad reddit is censoring upvotes on this subreddit only.
But dude they totally stopped World War 3 with Russia!
Staying calm and polite was probably the hardest thing for me to do
Eli is too volatile to lead the Giants to the playoffs.
r/politics was supposed to be neutral, not the hillary for president sub.
I know how to spell "you".
We really should address the bat problem.
Thanks for the tip, I'll try it
Which makes hate crimes okay, right?
That Russian spy?
Not a fan of the O hire, but this is a good first step.
Spider-hyphen-Man
Not Shin Megami Tensei fansite.-4/10
He should be arrested or deported immediately.
Took him first overall and got told what a stupid waste of a first pick, feelsgoodman
well.. at least there is an explanation..
Gotta make room on the servers for people who haven't bought the pass yet.
Nice that we live in a time where governments appreciate the Video game industry, even though I believe the small devs would need the money more than CDPR ;-) Also for the lazy ones: **30 milion PLN = $7.2 million**
That's such a cool cover.
But then a box that doesn't include Rednose..... A man can hope
We can't see the friendslist during champ select in new client, why would we need to see it in game?
360degree is the only true form of photography because it lets the viewer see the entire scene and form their own conclusions as to how it should be viewed :^)
But you just said people paid money to see CFL games...
"It doesn't matter one whit what you think!"
It will help EE, but I believe each cast is all crit or all non-crit and BL is 5% base instead of 6%, so the EO uptime may or may not be lower
of course!
Nah that's a Freudian slip.
But always remember that the solution to every problem is 'MOAR BOOSTERS'!
Well that's stupid.
Slick bike.
Nuh-uh.
Ok.
Out of all of them I like the classic looks ND the decks, just haven't seen that one mentioned anywhere.
they just want to secure a future for their white chilren :(
Went out for his morning run around the world
Happens to me too...
for 20k
Must've been a faulty rice cooker.
exageration by the op or some unranked play, which shouldn't be looked at in this situation
No every ideology and culture is exactly equal.
aaaand his comment history is completely cleared
Good solution!
Are you assuming my gender
Congratulations you officially support the spirit of the Nuremberg Laws.
Space Stations, Listening Posts, Ground based scanning systems.
Go take your nap, grandpa.
Better than I would have expected lol
Better than eating them alive.
Damn whitey killing the totally justified black guy, who might I add, is only suspected of running down people and stabbing them...
You just don't understand how precious internet points are
Disagree everybody knows Tyus was the reason we won one game against Phoenix when they were shooting a red hot 21% from the field... he should play all 48 minutes
Creep used Alpha bravado, it hurt it's self in it's confusion.
Current students, please protest responsibly and hope for a Q&amp;A portion.
Nice!
Can't wait until the new gun control bill stop these kinds of shootings!
Deport them
Yeah clearly body shaming men and thin women is totally cool and not hippocritical at all
Also, most of their clothes now have a non-iron finish, something I wished they'd move away from.
Wudda team.
Mississippi State hasn't been great, but the only team that deserves to be in the same sentence as Missouri in the SEC right now is maybe Vanderbilt.
And look how Sacramento performs when their leader, Boogie, pouts and yells at their guys.
Can't spell aUpresSiAn without USA
IIRC Parker broke Owens' nose with that palm strike.
Reminds me of Bastion
What a cuck
Kui nameplates as well.
Hey, that ruse got them US money, now it's UK's turn.
BRRRIIIIINNNNG
Quality of Life
Gonna need some sauce
Great input.
Or that 85 hour working abroad pipeline money, how do i even spend all of this shit.
Kurt got picked up by Phoenix?
;-)
I agree- wouldn't it be great if every five or six years, however, the formats are reset so the game stays fresh and accessible to new players?
Yes
Sounds like a spawn kill magnet
That is the flag of the "Twue Patriots"
...and in Tacoma an Apartment can still be found for around $500 that is a block away from an express bus into Seattle.
Just out of curiosity, how do you know that?
Leader of the free world!
my first thoughts haha
Then you'll love the phrase, "Over the shoulder boulder holder adjuster" used for certain bra adjustment maneuvers.
Seems like a totally valid record
He was going bald at 18... His actions now make sense
Just remember it's illegal to posess, ahhh, this stolen document
achi bhaloi apnar ashirbaad e
Arming a terrorist regime won't bring stability nowhere.
Downvoted for answering that question while being OP of a post that I don't like!
Du verwirrst mich
Because bank notes now taste good!
Best way to raise your kids is to have something else distract them so you don't have to raise them.
A worst nightmare for r/WatchMeiDie/
2
I want that
TIL that Timmons is the worst defender on our team, and Ben is an average QB.
I can still astonish all my friends by opening the App Store, going to Snapchat, and showing them the "Get" button instead of the "Open" button, meaning I haven't downloaded the app once.
What kind of sealer did you use?
The dog or the guy
Damn, I *knew* I'd forgotten something...
Omg omg omg omg Breathe breathe
But bad teams though
so... book time nap time pants time food-nap time and then caboses favorite time
Could the grandfather of the Stromes as well
You waste a lot of time and energy boiling off the water from the edge of the meat instead of browning it.
Its not crazy but very disheartening if the mouthpiece of an apocalyptic fanatic death cult is more reliable about it than the official news outlets of everyone else.
Uh I'm pretty certain you're meant to take the compliment as intended and not feel objectified by the comment which ironically is used to refer to liking the look of cookies or whatever.
Damn it, now I actually have to go work on my book analysis, tanks a lot, Blizzard
Baron is immune to debuffs afaik
My understanding is that the app won't talk to the server until you use your account on another phone, or trick the app into thinking the device isn't rooted.
hahaha no, at least not a good one.
Another ominous sign that global warming is real and a danger to the planet.
Trader Joes in Utah, USA is not cheap.
Tell them their closest loved one raped you and demand they listen and believe.
Accartoccia lo scontrino e si accende una sigaretta
The intellectual firepower of trumpers is truly overwhelming
I wouldn't get your hopes up
Is the parking lot for a car dealership or anything car related?
But trump will change all that right?
The fucks your problem man, I don't know why you're trying to prove yourself on the internet.
Cat.
What division is having a shit season?
Well its the most frugal option if you want to keep the item long term/best options.
How much do they generally offer?
You don't know, maybe his uncle worked for Nintendo.
When you realize that Ninja is actually the bot and u/VaingloryBot is the controller.
Alright cool, thanks!
You forget how much of a racist fascist homophobic bigoted orange redneck Trump is
That's a nice looking paint job you've got there!
Thanks you've been so helpful
You wouldn't happen to have a Metang and Silvally would you..
Evil != Stupid
It's noticeable but not unlikeable at all.
Is the magic flight finishing grinder beneficial?
You get a Fervor stack for snowballing
People forget that those knights were 2 hit kills with the 31 impact snipers prior to the LL increase.
This will include all of his personal and state cars right?
No you see, women's brains are too tiny and hysterical to write true literature.
is this real?
Try flying with 3 Hull and no shields and then get back to us ;-)
so thats pretty good!
Hey, let's ignore global warming and just cover the earth in solar panels.
Jeff Fisher!
I should invest in race track land....
How is it abused?
No need to thanks me, your videos are helping the community a lot more ;)
Loud pipes save lives brah.
Celebrities just wear whatever jerseys they want, i don't consider them fans.
Of course not but it was still a nice shot at us out of nowhere, have to respect it.
Shut the fuck up and stay away from their prestigious sub you dumb skrillie
Pretty soon, you'll be able to interact with a social media platform on Messenger, too...
I need a Vader so bad
Yeah, didn't you install the newest Gender DLC pack?
Does it hurt when you come back with a -1/-1 counter?
What a meaningful comment
Sell for 5necro's + 2 exalts
Yes, lets make every build facetank lategame content, that seems fair and a good route to take.
Oh god, it looks like flesh
Fucking brilliant comparison, thanks for that.
Just say "birdhouse" like the rest of us.
Yeah, that five year old girl should have handled the situation more maturely.
It's kind of hard not to right now.
The retriever breed is pretty well known for getting hip dysplasia and cancer.
Guy tit pic for girl tit pic trade?
I mean, if you ask PHW...
TRADE DESHARNAIS FOR THAT
I think one was a bill in favor of amending the constitution (which she was against), while the bill she sponsored was crafted to ban flag burning with a loophole which might make the law constitutional.
it was a joke, should've added the
but what about mudiay
OPPORTUNITIES, YOU SOCIALISTS!
Give some fellatio and see where it goes.
At making my child autistic
That was the question, even though they are getting their phones through next, can I get it from Google?
I enjoy both shows.
Are you implying GS CEO paid him for a meeting ?
Trick question, their name is actually a swear word.
I'm shocked social justice classes don't create big hordes of openminded individuals.
But remember, he only makes the best deals....
Only Russia
SURE.
Mass deportation to Pakistan for being terrorists.
Wow, so many as compared to the almost daily attacks committed in the name of Islam
Are you trying to tell me it isn't?
bbb.bbb....but can they have it at least one year :(
just turn it off
Aumenti il numero di parlamentari!
Meant in the white box, where there is supposed to be a "funny" remark
Yeah fuck this game because the beta doesn't have cheat protection yet!
Is that why apple bought the rights to his name, made headphones and sell them at the same price as studio headphones?
In my country, our "April Fools" is on December 28th (It is called "innocents day")
but that would cancel it out
Stock holders can't afford to take a loss
Yeah, I definitely see all them on the picket lines demanding equal court representation for fathers.
Thank God the government is arranging a neat new system to hack once and get everyone's details once they watch porn so you can have more information to blackmail so this number can be bigger and solve the unemployment rate.
A policy for culling would.
thank you
10-Oct
Except when it tastes like soap wicked from Satan's taint :(
Fingerprints on my forehead from all the facepalming...
Yes.
then get off reddit &amp; create some!
It would help the ragers because after getting rekt they could smash those strippers and not their desks, mice and keyboards
Ya it's a bunny then a drawing of that bunny
Consistency is the key to success.
You're supposed to serve the sandwiches to the customers, not eat them
Ha clothes, I used to get books all the time as a kid and I absolutely love it.
Free speech is an AMERICAN CONCEPT YOU CAPITALIST PIG
He runs the toss really well in madden so why doesn't McCarthy just do that every play
That's what you get for being a snitch
kind of, yeah, for many people.
All is well now, posting this in vr from big screen, wife was heading to work with a "you better go to sleep today" yeah yeah, sure thing honey.
Bizarre*
Humongous wot?
It is still there if you have a 4s or above and you turn Siri off
that match they had before they left.. my god
Don't mind him, I read it on the crapper and had no problems... Reading it, that is.
That is true, but I question people who spend an inordinate amount of time posting about how other people are horrible people when they're "just getting a kick"... Just chill out with the personal attacks, please.
Are we sure this isn't an announcement that the CSA is forcing the Canadian MLS teams to leave for the Canadian Premier League?
This.
Yeah, that really kills playability for me
It was confirmed by both sides the phone call you reference was not diplomatic in nature and that the President they were speaking to was a long time family friend who had known Ivanka for years, but keep trying to spin conflicts of interest around this because you sound very smart doing it.
But he's a good guy!
That's some quality reporting there.
Hush you, Patch Adams was great.
I can't wait to have Joe Buck and Troy Aikmen announcing!
Doctor is confirmed to be family member of belichick...
For the karma...
Ma zajebavam se de sam bio, ne bih otisao ni da mi plate.
i have a phd in bs.
White guy here, can confirm.
EZIO CONFIRMED
It's hard to survive more than a few battles anyway so you'll be able to switch songs often enough.
The irony here is you can't even spell court-martial and expect high ranking officers to indicted with incompetence.
YAY
Sorry for your loss, but nothing McDonalds can't fix.
yeah right, his post got gold like 8 times!
That's for cleaning stairs, duh.
Because it's like one of my Japanese Animes
Maybe they're both?
They just let anyone be mods these days...
As someone with fucked up eyes, I can't tell the difference.
The only side effect that bothers me is that it's too expensive.
Guys guys, this is the truth
Sorry, can you explain?
Unless he gets it IN office with appropriated public funds, then it's cool again!
Yes, one 39 year old center can save a franchise that is past it's peak
Yes, joking about domestic violence in totally serious sounding tones, always a good choice.
It's not about getting a degree, it's about developing marketable skills that someone will pay you for.
Lonzo Ball plays later even uglier.
My whole family knows me as the biggest Star Wars fan in the world and they were all shocked when I said I didn't want to see any of the new movies.
Id rather just have one game.
The entire country of Denmark is only about 50% bigger than the state of New Hampshire... No shit they can ride bikes everywhere.
Are talking to me here or the person above me?
Sympathy for the Devil .....The Rolling Stones
what
@luxeluce00 @oldmanalan @bestfitsdaily @POVoutfit @minimalmovement @outfitsociety @brandontfaber @amorin4122 @carlkho @dennistodisco @_chefsupreme @outfittoss @jonlaflare @outfitgrid @outfitplace @__rrxii @whitecement @kickstq @mattshiho
Yeah you know the UK is just like an apocalypse with all those people dying of disease
Jerry starred in the greatest movie ever though!
Apparently Skypjack speaks an ok French and is improving it with the new Rogue coach Lanf3ust.
2015 BCS national title game!
Yall 13 year olds need to go to sleep smh
But but Trump will drain that swamp and MAGA.
I thought that was just her belly...
If you like a slightly harsher approach, r/fatlogic might work for you.
Yeah, I feel good for the older Cubs fans who have stuck with them through the curse.
Yeah but Hillarys chuck husband something something adulterer!
And someone has to make coffee for the person hacking the website
I think it's fine, I just wish they'd get rid of the loading animation for the bloodweb.
saving just in case i mean meme too thanks
This is actually a big change that I feel like is going underrated.
*Well*, if Vorphos says so then it's definitely true.
If you can't see ghosts then isn't there a possibility that every picture you take has a ghost in it?
Oh how kind of you mighty one
Yeah Morales and Barrera 1-3 (add Pacman vs both) were stacked with a Spanish speaking backdrop.
It's semi true
I said shut up!
Sombra leaking here uh
Wow gee thanks Trump supporters.
Say his name.
She "accidentally" killed you.
Caring for your soldiers doesn't mean kissing their ass.
Boom boom boom outdated relics woo
Good vid but be aware it might get you blocked for Doxxing ..
No clue.
...along with his non-rat-fornicating friend who is no longer a mess.
There is soooo much talk talk about in this subreddit now, right?
Wait, officially hindi na ba sa atin ang Scarborough Shoal?
:(
but but lebum only hes 1 becuz way allen and kywee hit da winnin shots so dey dont counttt......
Ray Allen is the greatest shooter ever and he is only top 50..
That thumbnail is hilarious
Neither is the date of the Louisiana Purchase - school is supposed to be for teaching you HOW to learn as much as it is specific skills like algebra.
There are a lot of angry white men on Reddit looking for something to trigger them.
CPU could bottleneck the performance for 60 FPS Uncharted single-player.
You don't need to collect and open containers, they do get collected automatically at the end of day and get opened automatically once you collect 1000.
^^tiny ^^hail
Ew.
Don't you know his brother is ill?
Reminding people your product exists to buy just doesn't work.
Name's = name is My name's = My name is
Ima go out on limb and say Nichijou, since it hasn't been recommended already
well this doesn't seem suspicious at all.
Wow, those screenshots are really cool
I'd just die if it's revealed that Ragman is not actually Jewish, but just fucking ran with it for as long as possible while everyone else is just on board with Oliver's original assumption, no questions asked.
I only have digital copies, i forgot that i can search on google by size, i'll try ot do that later when i can, hopefully i find something.
Cancer?
We're gonna need more coats.
Because thats what the spineless partisans called themselves in order to make the glorious SS look like criminals when they where just defending their nation.
Or he could get an A-10 and own the road by the the law of BRRRRRRT!
Am I the only one here who dislikes sky lmao
You're right, but you also forgot your
You most definitely needed vit melds in A8.
My tinfoil theory as to why we've tried so many fade routes in the endzone/had some questionable redzone playcalling is that when they sit down with Kirk, they want some negative film on him to say he's really not worth top-flight money: "you can't hit your target in the endzone reliably, so you're really not that hot, and we could replace you with Jay Cutler and get the same results."
We are too right for each other.
Exterminator here, I'd advise you get rid of the bug by getting some decent young players.
I approve this message
I aplogize for my moonspeak
Psh that's not even a 5.7
I like all the changes its 99% awesome ... except for the force weapon re-equip.
Did you marry Shaq?
Hobby: Cars "Anyway, here's a '57 Chevy Bel Air."
"Courage is not the absence of fear."
The devs finally finished it
Only at stops.
the leaver gold gain didn't help i'm sure
IIRC, years ago Inoki actually tried to sell NJPW tapes to WWE before TV Asahi (I think) stepped in and said no as they own part of the rights seeing as they help make the show.
As a PvE player, I'm not sure what Skeleton Keys are.
Its the secret minigame where you're basically Adolf Hitler and people hail for you.
Damn Chemtrails messing with the weather.
You are a genius and we need you in Konami stat.
Sorry for your loss
Is that on a GTX 480 box?
The first Fw 190 is pretty good, those 20mm cannons shred the early spits you face
I mean the couch has to travel from the store to your house; that's obviously travel :D.
Yeah screw him for being upset after losing in a national championship game.
We need a christmas skin of Pharah shooting giant snowballs and her ult firing hail.
izi pizi
yeah, I don't know why you wouldn't try to avoid that...
But that's what drill sarnt said.
I've done it multiple times, perhaps the math department just values bureaucracy more than the other departments
Remember, minorities have to take the high road.
I'm busy then, can we make it 730?
Yeah I know, I should have put
Does veganism fall under this?
The only picks I have said are useless is Rare and Sony.
Chrissy Metz
Tough break buddy, don't lose any valuables
YOU'RE ABSOLUTELY RIGHT
if the only traffic law you break is speeding you'll never be at fault in an accident
You'll have better conductivity with the coin on the positive end.
An American HRC version might be an option as well... just sayin'.
They want 209 in Stockton
I sense a conspiracy by existing Hall of Fame members to spread their votes across so many different players that no one will get the requisite votes for induction.
Why are we talking about one the 7 million stop motion and NR2003 series.
Do you think so ?
Gen 4 remakes confirmed?
Off topic somewhat, but what is the gui used for managing QEMU and KVM at the 1:29sec mark?
The best case solution so far has the problem of if Eve controls 51% of the network then she can tell that Bob is talking to Alice.
That reaction was over the top :p
Isn't competitive PVE the best?
That's the champagne of beer you are talking about!
He means non-korean as in has no Koreans in the roster.
Damn /: alright man np.
Oh cool, can't wait to hear it!
It only solves the humanist problems, unfortunately it doesn't include the ecological concerns what so ever.
Gesundheit.
Pretty sure they would of figured out the sex thing before this.
come here and let me love uuuuuu
she is a nasty cow
Real fans watch goals live!
3, There are three sides in a triangle = illuminati
I approve this message
where'd you see it's not affecting the US?
Yea, black people don't watch GoT.
What a hoot
Dr Google
Ok thanks anyway.
yep, if we're going to acknowledge the need for population control, cows would definitely be my first concern..
well damn
Also make sure you don't have a Note 7 before it explodes
Yep.
No problem
What about a Lenovo Ideapad Miix-310?
Yeah I close at a similar place and after we're through closing we just record the leftover baked goods in waste and split em up between us
He was just being proactive and did not want his wife to think he was false advertising.
Well, he IS Patton reincarnated.
me too thanks
Conventional wisdom was that Trump could not win - whenever the human element is in play, unpredictability is part of the equation.
Doing the same here
Yeah, because geography is more important than equality.
Thankfully, I don't recognize much of the usernames from the thoughtful posts I read.
No it was confirmed awhile ago.
The real question is: Does she have the proper heat sinks installed?
Steals are a very small portion of defense, but I guess you have a point
That's because Biden debated Palin
I showed her my build which will be 800$ and showed her a build for 1100$ this was before she looked at prebuilts
They're going to use this to saty DJT is a KGB puppet after the 20th when he undoes this
i wanna see the rest of the footage
It's called, leading by example.
The what?
Yes
Doughty with the empty nutter!
Yeah, it's not like they're breaking the law by denying the second break
Don't be ridiculous nobody loves Kanye more than Kanye!
God forbid you take five minutes to shit without internet access.
Well of course, your ankles are showing!
Relax?
Azerbaijan?
god no
Congrats you single handedly ran that company into the ground
George Orwell wrote a tutorial for a prosperous government not a warning of governmental abuse for the citizens.
What about septum piercings?
No im pretty sure its origami
pascal 2017 wdc confirmed
A little bottle of hand sanitizer and tp.
Remember guys, we can't praise the devs here because they literally can't do anything right!
I'm assuming that once his healing factor goes his age starts rapidly catching up to him
Came here to say this exact thing.
Well Vettel was hardly on the grid in 2014
r/themonstermath
If united states citizens cannot fight back against the soon to be draconian measures imposed by both state and business, then America is done for.
Ugh what have I done lately
don't click that link, it's a trap
Being able to customize hud colors would be really nice.
Right answer is Crooks, thanks English GCSE
could be in one of those Oz doors!
Right, because the only purpose IT serves is to answer your stupid questions, and fix the shit that you broke.
Another tie, what a great sport.
That's impossible, voter fraud doesn't exist!
got bronze pack with nonrares only #closeenough
If either Trump or Clinton were half as corrupt as their opposition claimed, one of them would have run unopposed.
if this was in a movie i'd say that was ridiculous
but she isn't wearing a burka and this could be offensive to some religions and people.
I guess too bad for Trump that there's a right to peaceful assembly.
Plot twist: He's actually a self hating canine.
Translation: As white people it is now our duty to be self-racist.
But did you get a picture of it
But so did i.
Nice normal intro + Boobs = Damn she's gonna be on my D now!
Oh you're the evil liberal teaching logic and critical thinking I hear about
Getting rid of net neutrality should help the LP chances
The Ted Kravits interview was awesome.
You're the idiot for not calling them or the bank to get it taken care of immediately and instead relying on email.
thats whats/why/how people say it...
Durpa durpa slurpie jihad
you're better than me, reported you filthy hacker ass.
Kind of guy who gets rolled for his wallet and then campaigns for "Tough on Crime" candidates
Given that they would have to build a new mainline, I'd say this could be done by ...oh probably never.
WE FOUND THE RACIST!
I'll deal with that threat after they get out of the federal pound-me-in-the-ass pen.
Pussy
Teddy may have never necessarily been the same host though, just the same character like how Delores' father was replaced with a different model at the end of episode 1.
Seriously, that mall looks amazing
My bad homie I misunderstood then.
But guy at a bar promised me we'd be getting a trailer today!
We don't allow mental health related AMAs.
But she must be 18 to make that decision to fight for justice!
Maybe you should read the requirements before complaining.
He's asking about memes, not facts
Brah let me catch this gnarly wave real fast
Because all those immigrants are of course coming from a skilled background or college educated.
Hashirama is an attack unit and tobirama is a tank
I imagine getting shot with the Kolibri would feel about the same as getting stung by a bee.
It just hasn't been implemented correctly!
Good ol' Collagen in the bones (the flexibility of your bones to bend), makes running over kids and babies much safer.
Historically speaking when a king or queen of England visits a country that isn't a part of England said country turns English pretty fast.
I prefer the original W. German CD pressing.
because this never happens anywhere else
I have vayne
You copied this from someone
I always found Hera to be a mean bitch
Wow, I bet you fit in well here.
Must be nice being rich.
Please, please stop these.
hahahahahahahah SO FUNNNyyyyy
Shouldn't they be pirates?
i think u forgot this:
About as much as the googles and skypes.
It proves that stop and frisk works on white people...
Hi my name is Dylan Gimme game
And all you did was jackshit to aide in creation of the game.
I'm calling fake, you blew up some ammo w/ solid shot on that panther 2.
The thought of a literal tidal wave of hep C shivered me timbers.
God forbid that lesbians occasionally get mentioned in the same breath as those dirty, fake bisexuals!
I concur with the ID of *Balistoides viridescens*, though it is quite deteriorated, so I can't be sure.
I remember Romney saying this exact thing ~4 years ago and everybody called him crazy for it.
Is that what they're calling loans with 7% interest now?
Misleading for them to call it emerald lake, then, eh?
You had the 2nd right
Beer n guns fer-ever.
Quit your typical normie logic
Lol, that's made me laugh :) but yeah, that's true
Hooray!
Elephants too, although they generally only grow about half a dozen sets of molars over their lives and the last set (usually grown sometime in their 40s) has to last the rest of their lives, whereas (as far as I know) manatee teeth are continuously replaced until death.
The question you should be asking is "why aren't we **all** using 30tb of storage?"
as it should be
a $50k+ Ford Escape that breaks a lot.
Helpful feedback thanks!
BUT IT CAN CARRY JETS MAN!
Fucking toasted
Oh great, more remakes.
Good job, wikileaks, for continuing to harm the West.
you can just walk out of the smoke
Awesome, I wasn't sure whether you had to hire members for the MC before things like staff hiring in would happen etc, thanks for the help!
THINK OF THE CHILDREN.
So exactly my point.
Well once upon a time a bunch of cartographers realized Africa is bigger than Europe but because they were RACIST they decided to solve the problem by making Africa slightly smaller but still bigger than Europe to keep white supremacy alive
Yeah, stay classy, Reddit.
Doctors don't get paid commission, right?
When you change motherboards, you should reinstall windows.
It's the Reapers!
Why the fuck are they using full wets on a dry track?
Gear "museum" one might even say
Oops I think I meant Statsny.
So easy, even a caveman can do it!
That only applies to Whites, right?
Yeah its the classic hidden guardian glitch, the only way to make them reappear is to trade me all your shinies
I typically verify cache and restart my pc and it fixes this issue
Listen to the fearmongering idiots who think this is a bad thing, without explaining whatsoever why it's bad, duh
This isn't a showerthought...?
LOOOOOL brrraxxxxton
fuck low elo Bards, they end up giving the enemy adventage with their stupid ults.
I left after 15 minutes, made a drink, and did some homework...
They're adding a way to buy mats with bloods, basically making the market prices plummet, so best do it now.
please don't defend stupid game mechanics, just because it favors your race.
sei un po' indeciso visto che hai il flair con il panettone
Straight looks like recoome from dragon ball z.
Nah man, they were MGE's before the update
Yes, because the right way to handle anti-Semitism is to stop freedom of speech
We've had enough of experts, didn't you hear?
When are you socialists gonna realize that those job creators NEED these hidden tax breaks.
So this subreddit is exclusively for Dems?
Shhhh no intelligent discussions please, just say a joke about millennials being entitled and lazy
We just need to encourage self-sufficiency for medication
As an infect player, she's truly a trash, unplayable card!
NP fam.
My favorite was when the crowd cheered or laughed for Trump Lester would tell the crowd to be quite, yet not once said anything when the crowd was on Clinton's side.
I heard she sent mail without correct postage #lockherup
The only reason I came to this thread
With a picture.
You'd be better if you had sick amounts of Karma though
Looked broke.
No, Sanders wanted *democratic* socialism, you see?
Done!
I don't know man you don't know that was going in
When Mercy jumps in front and steals your Nanoboost during McCree ult.
With your offense, that was a sure thing.
"I don't know..."
the hunter can ohk up to 20 metres
Are you some sort of neo-nazi?
More people move in.
Thanks Obama.
Did you get any benefits?
lmao thats an insane comparison
Nevermind Milo himself is also gay, he thinks differently and that's bad.
Unturned is optimised very badly, on my old PC I could run gmod and CS:GO but loading Russia in Unturned kept crashing the game.
I did the same, went in read some comments and now I hate people.
whatever gives you that idea?
Yeah man, don't get hit, grab the attic key, and then you'll get the "true" ending, grab the empty notebook and go up to the writing in the attic and examine the notebook
$1,000,000 to help you pay off Barry's fines in the Sinnoh remakes!
Reminds me more of drowners
There is a crack in everything...
Yes, it was his childhood home.
I seriously couldn't be happier right now!
We still play UNC and Louisville this year?
Yeah fuck the team with the best record in baseball playing against a team in a large market
I personally feel that the netflix content and the ABC tv content is differentiated by the style and subject of the shows
Should we gear up for a bombshell this Friday?
Which proves my point.
I'm convinced that the only real thing is that all Australians just like fucking with people.
what is a "auto" for you in game?
Why not both?
Jean, I see a lot of similarities between his character development and myself as a person.
Police tend to greatly inflate the price of drugs so their busts seem more impressive.
Yeah but is he better than Spencer Hawes?
obligatory pot calling the kettle black post
A puppy
Dan, Will, and Rodney
For the gold?
but double platinum no features
make yi immune against cc while meditating.
r/jesuschristreddit
That looks like HOF stats to me!
Re re re re re repost.
Can confirm, is the best strategy.
Comeon, definitely gonna be JEV!
These and much more.... MK Ultra hello
Yea, no it can't be because someone claims to have voted for Trump and then goes out of their way to say they're a bunch of stereotypes for democratic voters, to further enforce why people would think they'd vote for him.
best of luck bro
What about: unintelligent, ignorant, dense, brainless, mindless, foolish, dull-witted, dull, slow-witted, witless, slow, dunce-like, simple-minded, empty-headed, vacuous, vapid, half-witted, idiotic, moronic, imbecilic, imbecile, obtuse, doltish; gullible, naive; informalthick, thick as two short planks, dim, dumb, dopey, dozy, crazy, barmy, cretinous, birdbrained, pea-brained, pig-ignorant, bovine, slow on the uptake, soft in the head, brain-dead, boneheaded, lamebrained, thickheaded, chuckleheaded, dunderheaded, wooden, wooden-headed, fat-headed, muttonheaded; informaldaft, not the full shilling; vulgar slangdumb-ass?
Which DJ is Tchaikovsky?
It's the only explanation!
I've already preordered it!
He wasn't a star before he got to CHI and he won't be one when he leaves.
Immigrants will pay for our retirement.
Every white girl has a pic of her doing a yoga pose on a cliff on skyline drive.
you've forgotten prep.
Well you guys can't have the teams AND the casters
Appropiate reaction!
..... OH
Yes, but would they beat the Browns?
Why is there no engine there?
Wow, look at the number of katuas commenting on that tweet
Isn't is a wonderful age we live in?
I don't mind him
You don't.
I also played as a stealth archer and had to use flames to kill it
LOL
pictures pls op
Didn't realise more than one person can say a joke, it's not like I know every damn joke on this website.
'ur just a meta-tard huhuhu gold damage on Junkrat'
I mean they gotta appeal to edgy 10 year Olds because that's who they think play this game
The snake was created to tempt eve because without temptation there is no difficulty to following what hashem commands, and without overcoming difficulties there is no personal growth.
*Positive elixir trade intensifies*
It can't possibly be because the woman in question isn't attracted to said man.
Im not sure if I'd rather have a montage of happiness between ellie and joel or just get right to the action and have the fireflies burning down jackson.
A
yooooooo
But... but static electricity...
Glad you're here too, buddy.
Golden turnips are *WAY* rarer though.
Huckleberry Finn.
but see, it wouldn't be your fault, it's just your driving motion
And Starcraft is dead.
Wow I'm so surprised the police are using shady, immoral, and illegal tactics to get their way.
How do you know?
Isn't that spousal abuse?
What show is this?
Don't forget enlightenment!
but that would be 16 sets per week for your chest then
It was the first thing I did.
I'm rolling with him over Gurley PPR cause I'm fed up with Gurley and his BS lol
For the people that are totally fine with seeing a guy's asshole: the top comment is now a picture of a woman's vagina filled with shit, because edgy or something.
Wow!
Blizzard will definitely fix it!
They could add gearsets
0 defense
Looks just like that photogenic gecko
Then they should just use slave labor.
Robbed we were.
100% sure they all kicked Swindlezz after he feeded non stop again and someone else was playing instead of him
They just usually stick to one facet to stay humble
Yeah the biggest problem with siege is that because it has a low player base, if you win a lot of games it will start giving you really bad teammates to lower the average elo of the team and then you end with a game of which teams winning lane can carry harder.
cause we got mckelvin and mills
Yeah, how dare the Democratic party expect the liberals to vote for them!
Here's me hoping that you and I are delusional as fuck.
idc it's chase daniel's team to lose now
Oh he's AMAZING, but his teammates always suck
The real solution here is to go to work without your shirt.
Dude, Peyton only ever played for scrub teams...
wow the japan has 15 months?
Soma has never beat him once out of all their competitions, it will definitely come back as a major plot point.
$50 shipped just to US?
Okay, good to know you can carry on an intelligent conversation.
Why do we keep talking about things that do not matter?
You're cool bud, I hold anyone willing to commit their time to this sort of thing for free in the highest esteem.
?
I think they have a special deal where an adjacent neighbor can have an empty lot combined with their own, that may be what they were talking about.
lol, at the RNC in july, the mother of one of the deceased gave an entire speech blaming hillary for it.
I'm a simple man, I see Ets I upvote.
But but but but everyone else is supposed to live their life the way I live mine, and if they don't they should be fined and imprisoned because they're liberal cucktards!
the full interview is not available for peple outside the US
"arborist" Is she the person that provides the Giants with the trees?
I wanted something perfect for a pentium extreme
Idk the cowboys thread last week was pretty civil
And they don't stop cumming...
you forgot the
Building codes are socialistic and repress our freedoms!
Not sure if
Stop assuming my pronoun.
and hillary calls him racist and sexist, both are pretty bad.
Think he's trying to say mistakes are one off things you can't bank on happening, but you can bank on the D3 player/doublelift being overextended maybe?
Not only that, they also love invading france and causing explosions, as the good nazis they are.
A gorilla suit with a ragdoll shaped like a small child
nice
Apparently unless you live in Alaska or Hawaii
It died.
Jack shit.
Smh can't escape it around here
I have, just let them get on with it.
That's precisely why I made the comment lol, I should have used a
Everyone goes on reddit for exactly one subreddit, and any spillover is always the result of brigading.
What kind of car is that?
He'll be an upgraded Abdelkater at his peak
WTF?
There are dozens of us!
He might want that back.
Dem - I think it's great our leaders can connect to us unfiltered.
He thought he was Kevin Love for a second
Negrete is also a common last name in Spanish, much more likely he is Latino.
Thank god for the change, the old comments were cancer and had 0% grandness
The technology simply isn't there yet.
Needs to be a 6 elixir common to counter the meta
SHOOT THE GOD DAMN MINE IT TAKES ONE FUCKING BULLET JESUS CHRIST IT'S LINE OF SIGHT IT DOES NOT GO THROUGH WALLS IT LITERALLY SHOWS YOU WHERE IT IS SHOOT IT
In the 0% chance this hasn't been said yet... "Holy shit."
I'd be in a laughing mood too if someone came into the restaurant with an assault weapon.
I live in New York, what is this "being allowed to own fun things" of which you speak?
HOW SWAY
The jailbreak train is real!
*sigh* Fucking mainstream porn...
Do you need another RB?
The worst part are the adults that take the spots up front and don't let children in, all so they can take a pic of something they'll never look at again.
Can you provide a link or two to what he said?
These are two of the big omissions that surprised me the most based on what music NPR generally covers
So, where exactly do you fall on the spectrum?
Quit spouting that white-supremacist propaganda!
All babies are born muslim, and we have to waterboard the christ into them.
But If I'm not rude to you, how will I feel smug and superior to you?
You don't know anything, but it doesn't keep you from talking.
I'm guessing you don't skate?
Can somebody explain what this means?
It's the 1st of the 19month Gods do you know nothing?
Donalds own son doesn't even think he's dad's fit for president, he's falling asleep on the winning night
He didn't bring in any additional taxes for his Real Estate business.
Mmmm....
but by then they would have to make shadow rager a neutral and we cant have that can we?
Andanar forgot his
Dave and his shenanigans.
Now we just need knockdown so everybody involved in that little scrum starts falling over.
i think the teeths are a little bit far from the mouth
Maybe he is from Detroit?
But Estonia isn't a Baltic country!
there are maps that have a hatch on the roofs, I think it's mainly kafe, en the biker clubhouse, not sure about any other maps.
Thank you kindly
It's the same as the G sound in gorgeous.
The Bert has been found
Not sure if Warwick student...
Sure, it fits better in the Windows 10 Edition
shit, gotta run!
i hope people stop kinkshaming kira hes just misunderstood
Haven't they heard about clean coal?
11 crates
No, we're a cultural mosaic!
The same way they faked the moon landings, of course!
Everyone knows it was an arrow to the knee.
scara richter e logaritmica
Yeah but, Christians are slowly being more and more persecuted by the mainstream media....
Can't see any humor?
I was joking because OP said his parents thank god for everything good that happens in their life... fuck haha do i need an
No, he deserved this job, it's just that everybody was discriminating against American managers and nobody wanted to give him a chance at a level he deserves
To the top!
Damn, I don't think I could do that, and I'm a 6'2" 210lbs guy
This guy is obviously smarter than the father of quantum mechanics, come on guys.
You don't understand it's not *true* socialism
25 Keys + Lobos for my Heatwave and you got yourself a deal.
Because unions are scary job-reducers!
Yeah, gouging fans for playoff tickets is sooooo great!
You can only get high end saddles from the deep sea crates/desert crates and although you *can* get blueprints you probably don't want one because of the crazy crafting requirements (until tek anyway).
It's horse armor all over again.
T U T O R I A L U T O R I A L
Thanks orange leader
But reddit is the internet
We demand the freedom to die without healthcare.
I agree with spez here.
Far from perfect
there is no playing destiny, you just load up crucible and wait to lag out now
Schmelkov 400 warlock
I've eaten it in Chile
Which I guess would be okay since they have a current prophet who can supply answers for all those 2016 questions, right?
Dont you know only that Muslims can be terrorists?
Shut up, roach.
The accent immediately makes him more credible on all soccer and cheering related subjects
the lack of airbag deployment is concerning....
You havent lived until you have reached the max level in atleast one MMO
Isn't she well liked by the North Koreans?
Sure...Spooner for Faulk straight up
Greg Biffle to the #69 car confirmed!
COUGAR ALERT!
But Trump only surrounds himself with winners
You forgot the
Yeah all those States Bernie won like PA, NC, FL, OH
It's the same website as above
INVESTIGATE 3-11!
I'd be Filch :(
Wait wouldn't searing the meat seal out all of those extra flavors?
Yes, that is clearly the intent of my comment
That wasn't a stretch at all.
Such is life.
You can bet she got charged for that extra carry-on too.
Are there any Flat Earthers out there that can better explain this phenomenon?
Says the guy with the puce car.
Well, they are an idolatrous, and a blood thirsty people!
United Airlines will charge extra if you're wearing clothes.
AP J. Charles Cooks Keenen Allen Jarvis Landry Combination of bad luck and drafting like a dumbass.
Thanks for the warning, can you tell in detail what happened and maybe the brick rate will go down?
My old roommate had great advice: "just appreciate what you have"
It's easy, you can read the lyrics to every song on the inside of the vinyl case that everyone has.
What about Barry Allen?
Upvoted for visibility.
Oh yeah, I forgot that being evil is allowed as long as someone else did it first
Nami Cait Lulu
Mustache Balon is the best Balon
Zeke by a country mile
It's not unhealthy, but you would be better off financially if you bought the raw chicken and cooked it yourself.
It doesn't.
Same thing amirite
You have to finish the Tam-Tara Deepcroft (Hard) in order to see her ghost, according to the wiki.
Derailed was, in my opinion, one of the best Modern Warfare 2 maps
I'm in love with the way we smoke that lalala
Why go down the NTR path when you could go for the harem option?
But we could have had a cool cliffhanger to have us talking all year!
We must go deeper
That answers the question.
You cannot prove you are *not* a bot, ergo, you are a bot.
If such services were required, I do believe I could be of assistance.
cant forget WaW
If I buy them in pairs can I have a threesome with exceptionally attractive bisexual fembots?
The 2016 cowboys
That's what I like about cheeseburgers... I keep getting fatter and they stay the same weight
If somebody told you that about 9/11 (had it not happened) you'd say the same.
Don't worry, he'll have his hands full later tonight.
"See that's the kind of play where you're not on the same page defensively" I saw as a "get out of the way of the freight train coming down the paint known as Rodney Hood"
"People fought and died so that I could have the freedom to force other people to have the same political stance as I do or else I will punish them."
I believe it's when you seemingly checked out fine according to the site, but you don't actually end up getting the piece.
Pretty sure 2.8 is going to be the first to release digitally
You mean a normal period?
Tip for doing phantom barrel/ one part combo: Use Q slightly out of the max range (so u r sure ur q is a max range q) , as soon as u see the animation of Q starts, place another barrel
Oh shit, this sounds like a winner.
I thought SF banned religion?
First sets will be packaged today, shipped tomorrow.
Not America's Team though, because I'll be neither of those games get huge ratings
Especially true when that challenge is a cliff you can impossibly get back up without grappling hook or flying...
Oh, the joys and wonders of press pictures and concept art.
Wasn't there an issue a whilst back with Surface batteries, or is that un-related.
Just let it die already.
I now crave for more jazz-movie-i-fied covers of DnB classics.
Well those are the same kinds of people to love on Deng Xiaopeng and his market reforms so they probably would've fucking adored Tiananmen square.
Is varane even better than Diego Reyes?
A false flag that they've been planning for years!
Third port's a checksum!
I'm sure no married people will be getting wanked off by robots.
No need to thank, But why LedIV over Led III?
What about your other hearts, are they happy too?
Because literally every phone made outside of this one has never been RMAd before.
You in the house next to sigma kappa?
Springt - Rap's Return
That was an April fool's joke.
Sign of mental weakness or just wants that cheddar
lol go get a job hippy
"I'm looking for answers that require no proof" The song is called Hallucinations by the Bumpin' Uglies, and the singer was talking about alcohol proof
balding gatorskins i havent changed in years.
playboys in public library...?
Reddit.
All people who expend their labour are slaves.
Yeah raising your eyebrows ever so slightly is considered a huge overreaction in Germany.
Wait... you mean brake checking isn't when you get up so close to them you can check their brakes?
R
I assume you get paid, what is the money like?
As if we have any secret bay for this purpose
Marry her, and don't waste money buying a new car!
There is no I in the team!
Well why don't you go cry about it
you obviously should have shot them in the face
Air is only free because big gub-mint is stopping me from polluting it.
But isn't that their own fault for being single?
"Your rights end where mine begin" might be a better way of putting it
Because in communist countries the powerful elites are always held accountable
It's called old man strength... it comes with age.
You mean I shouldn't have been using "his's", "hers's", "yours's" and "mine's" all this time?
I don't think anyone knows for sure if we're winning tbh... We're getting stronger, the question is whether we'll be strong enough!
Exactly.
It was really a dick pic.
Yup, when I first saw the pic I'm like "is that..." and then I saw San Antonio and said "totally has to be"...
Hate it when that happens... but ISSU should not have taken down both 7Ks at once....
it certainly isn't for me.
Forgot the
I think he likes you!
There is, but like ME1, its only a LAA patch, the game is still limited to 4GB as it's only a 32 bit exe.
I'm sorry :(
But r/news just reports facts and facts alone...
Human babies.
This is the first time the Monk has appeared in the 8th Doctor box sets, but yes, you should listen to it.
Yeah it's about 8 frames on ps4, and I think 7 on pc
Hey says a lot of things.
I have a feeling this will get down voted, but a person who has never been in a fight is in no way a threat to me or anything that is important to me.
Top men.
I feel like our group was rigged, it's been rigged for the past few years
But he plays so well against T4 French teams!
But but but I thought she was book smart?
I won't lie, the fact that Capcom has not even *teased* such improvements despite them being aware of how happy they'd make the community has me really worried that Season 2 might just be a balance update plus new characters...
And sometimes disaster relief.
Oh yes, the absolutely horrifying prospect of popular sovereignty
Nice try, Dan Bailey.
And the guy who does not get the Family Guy reference is....
Its like a teal
Oh bless your heart.
There was a student in Manchester who died a year or so ago because he was that drunk on his way home he passed out and it was winter :(
Research shows that headphone jacks cause cell phones to explode.
I wonder what band influenced these guys?
What happened to all the good brain people
But he's made AMAZING movies since then!
yea I just wish I didn't waste so much time, money and suffering for nothing.
all germans are nazis
What's the finish on it?
There also would have been a lot of migration to other regions, just like there is today from the Middle East.
forgot your
First they took the Monster away from Hanley, now 1B, next his bat.
It's a trapp
Not Erik's fault; you clicked it asshole
Like how companies were raising prices when oil price was high stating that they were offsetting their increase in fuel cost, and now that oil prices are lower the cost of these goods are staying the same or increasing...
I also would do 25 if there was another bottle split
We Russia now!
All I see here is a QASA violation!
...because we all know you can't do both.
Yes, hiding it offers healthy discussion and doesn't create echo chambers
wait really i swear if this is a ruse cruise i'll, i'll CALL YOU A MEANIE OR SOMETHING
Don't give out condoms because you are promoting sex.
damn, this sub is always spot-on!
You never said who's mana crystals, kappa.
Maybe they meant, "Your 1 in a million chance of being conceived".
I'll be there Sunday at around 2ish.
Around 2, with a margain of error of 2.
DogVid Copperfield
I'd want a look at the other kid before I had to decide.
What a clapper
What is this reference?
About Mark Martin.....
**TRUMP'S GONNA BE A BIG PRESIDENT**
Hobart isn't very good... I have him and I intentionally don't put him in my list.
Im at the can't sleep / random crying stage of stress.
Hope he got an off lease one
Never said great I said good you have multiple SBs (wins and appearances) in their and all those guys on the first list were franchise QBs at one point so there have been good black QBs in the league
Dealing with other people's shit.
So it's pronounced Mo-Ba-Eel?
But this makes sense and it's the way it should be.
Dark souls, I usually use a Xbox one controller.
And I'm sure the thousand years or so of agnatic primogeniture in the peerage has nothing to do with the tax distribution.
But whatever happens we cannot build more housing.
If i am reading things correctly he actually has worse burst healing then before (same initial heal but rampant nerfed, and less heal per tick).
You mean faggin'
On xbox one it is 136.6k now
Uggghh... that one was the worst.
Actually that's 81 seconds.
Hey shitlord, the PC term is ''toilet-seat complexion individual''.
Then write another book which is basically the same but with robots instead of dinosaurs.
He's gotten better at it over the years
And maybe add in the Maelstrom because there's only text.
Its GOTTA get thinner every year
The PS3 ports are already 1080p, so there should be no excuse for the PS4 ports to be any less.
Definitely should be a 6 piece bonus, but alas, there's only up to a 4-piece bonus... i'd like to see 6-piece bonuses implemented at some point... even if they're just enhancers to the 4 piece i.e strikers 6 piece could remove the loss of stacks when you miss shots... even if 6-piece bonuses were introduced, they probably still would'nt be as useful as 2 HEs
there's hispanic white and non hispanic white.
I'd put assault, octane or scump over aches tbh.
Congrats on the progress you made tonight!
same, but alt+z shows the UI but when i try to record it says "Enable desktop recording" or something like that
Holy cow.. that picture hurts my eyes.
I checked everybody's eyes for about a year after watching that movie.
I would agree that their ideas are unpopular...
I should have added:
Why Lacy has success then?
Well, thank you for the mental image you just got me.
Down 2 TD, seems like it should be more the way the few fans that have checked in have talked.
They obviously prioritized connection that match
But I thought Apple had completely abandoned the pro market and all us of us at r/apple were switching to the Surface Desk so we can draw squiggly lines with our hands
I meant the Traveling Wilburys.
PSSSHT Typical Brutal Roman emperor throwing minorities to lions
And because of the lack of fluoride, the people aren't being brainwashed into obedience
Good thing they named it with the current internet lingo.
Rox,RNG,G2,C9
I don't care if kids die, I have a hunting emergency!
I like this idea..
Should I start Brees or Wilson?
In fairness David Cameron admitted he was wrong to promise a referendum because of the possibility of a Leave vote succeeding, but he also hopped off that sinking ship as he did it.
what a horrible piece of shit
Waiting till after the finals leaves no room for these kinds of posts tho
I'm sure the coming trade war will go just awesome.
You forget that he's an evil anti-Semitic anti-Israel pro-Hamas/ISIS sharia-law supporting radical Muslim.
It's #3
Because he's not a true NHL top 6 center
Sure, I'll just contact my personal representative I have in my back pocket through all the hundreds of thousands in campaign contributions I provided.
But you don't have your bag in this situation...
By marrying his lover badr Hari
Thanks
And Shing is a pro player, right?
i can tell you this is not happening to either zenfone2 in my household.
Oh, ok.
The comments are being delete by the mods.
Let's not talk about that
Higher resolution version?
RPG Characters
I realize now that this is a day old, but still thought it was fun.
They kind of factor in the survey thing you took about interests and stuff, but its basically random.
I agree with you.
This is what I think.
Yet, she still came at him when they were outside.
Neck damage from driving around corners too fast
But muh human-eyes-can't-see-a-difference logic!
At least it has Fiddycal
Lack of acknowledgment of the systematic racism, transphobia, sexism, and [insert identitarian slogan here] endemic to free markets.
Nah, I like the cookie dough ones frozen.
ditto
Yes
79% upvoted, seems about right considering the average people on this sub.
Wish my wife would sign me up for German Goo Girls...
Vortex = About 2 keys each and black sunbursts are firm 3 keys.
Yep, no way it could be more blatant sarcasm, there's no generally accepted way of displaying sarcasm on the Internet
Farnsworth saying this is my ringtone for a text lol
How does it matter?
I still feel like it Contreras has the potential to fill the lead off spot in the order.
No, such a thing is a nonsensical word salad anyway.
#CENSORSHIP
Shocking, right?
I hadn't thought of that, you're right.
You're right, being the cutest girl Futaba is the canon romance then
You mean you voted for the antichrist who is gonna cause the end of the world instead of the angel Hillary who would've brought world peace and prosperity
It's funny cuz sex haha get it
I have a final on friday and our prof sent out an email saying any post-poned finals will be held on december.19th or at the beginning of next semester
but the Louvre is "white culture" so it is important to preserve despite the Mona Lisa having no other function that being nice to look at
Are the aliens the Jews?
It' because your not Arab but an Aryan White Phoenician
here: you dropped your
Yes exactly, started camping at 35 after shadow mask
Thank you!
"Cuz he just hates Hogan and wants the spotlight, obviously"
But she lives in a good neighborhood!
Electric cars are too dangerous for the environment you know
Well if we're going there, *Samsquanch*
Let's start an online petition, then they have to listen to us right
no it happens when Kerr tries out these terrible ass line-ups
I can't see Anderson as anything other than that scrub who got heel hooked by Ryo Chonan.
ye
This is why i prefer consoles everything sits perfectly inside it's box and it looks a lot neater
I don't know why you are being downvoted, I feel the exact same way.
Such a clever response.
Inflamable means flammable wtf
San Fransisco player spotted
Given how bonkers powerful Eragon is at the end of his series, I think she's be just fine.
Yes, authoritarian governments DO have free elections to choose their government
My dick
So this is what winning an ACL gets you.
Can i hab gold xd
This post is original and funny
Glad to see they really spread those stations out.
Oh I see'ed that now.
MS-DOS
Makes sense.
Text based sports sims.
How dare you say the lords name in vein!
But that's because they used *real* vocals and writers!
I love censorship
Even the 12% exp?
Ovi, Backstrom, Kuznetzov, and Holtby.
Kicked his first ever FG to win the game.
If corporations are 'citizens' and are eligible for certain rights, then why shouldn't a foreign country be recognized as a 'person' and be allowed similar rights?
Yo you forgot
did the evil DC Liberal Elite try to finger your butthole?
I think he forgot the
Dis a gud ass movie AYY LMAO
Cool until your whole squad gets stuck in a rock
We did ask for VR support
Sounds like this should be the default.
Yeah, I give it about 5 years.
Blue Knights would be ready by Denver then!
Nice score!
is there a difference?
You forgot your
I'm sure he at least made one post to collect his karma...
How many particles per month will we be allotted under Comcast's new quantum internet data plan?
Darwin award nominee.
Yeah and lets play as murlocs, gnolls, high elves (BEs with non-green eyes), naga, faceless ones, ethereals, vrykul......fuck it, lets just have Blizz take a private server and make *that* the official game instead.
Fuck off
It seems to go bad way faster than just in a covered butter dish.
...dude wtf you are LITERALLY killing this team!
Do they not have a service medal?
So basically this is an ad for Viagra?
Whenever you say this title, you're obligated to pause between "Ventura" and "Pet"
That does not look like it was Photoshop'd
Shipment obviously
As an aside, I love it when science plays with fire in the "name of discovery", then says "we did not know" when shit hits the fan and/or a discovery is used for evil.
You can always try to sideload it.
HEATHEN
Well, he does loving being YUGE
Better than Catwoman anyway
AHR-WHOOOOOOOOOO
It's the adult equivelant of sticking your fingers in your ears, and going, "lalalalalalalalalalalalalaa, what you're saying is frightening, I'm going to ignore you."
We understand you want to play singed support, but *your team* doesn't want you to play singed support
Properly designed compression pants for men leave room for the junk.
When you're Cabrakan and don't give a fuck
Makes me think that this is what led to the Malibu Maxx
Jesus soltando um kamehameha?
But Chris was good in physical challenges, so he can't be a gamebot...
This is assuming someone intent on committing murder is concerned with obeying the law.
Yeah, but our murder got away with it!
I dont like him either as a streamer, but i guess others have different taste.
Can't wait to see another 10 minute video from LevelCap reviewing these skins!
Yeah, because offensive players have such an easy time coming in and picking up the playbook.
Meh, their loss.
My guess is that it will bounce, but will eventually come to a rest.
Its all your fault you son of a bitch!
NO, but hes racist and sexist like ALL southerners
lol meant to post it there.
Sorry man but I have Asperger's I don't know what jokes are
Aimbotting is really getting out of hand in this game!
Yeah, everything was made up so the points don't matter.
It was that episode, that monologue, that made me into a fan of Aaron Sorkin.
Tell Jag I think he's one sadistic SOB... and to think we just got rid of our rengo problem...
But you know, the economic supermajority wants BU!
He was truly my nemesis.
"Im-Personal Computers"?
So the Muslims, Immigrants, and Gays for the mean time?
That whole movement is now just ratfuckers and dicks.
Use a different browser or change region on your console and redeem it on there.
Perhaps I'm wrong, but isn't refraction level 1 standard anyways so you can secure the first wave of CS?
It's your civic duty to buy the store's entire stock of lava sauce to show our interest.
I guess he doesn't want there to be anything left to oppose Putin.
I have all those sorry, but you should be able to get a Dom GT with those 3 I reckon
India
If you're into premium cable hour long shows, I really, really suggest checking out these shows: The Sopranos, Mad Men, Boardwalk Empire, Game of Thrones, Breaking Bad Each one is simply amazing, they all evolve well over time, are thought provoking, visually appealing, masterfully written and extremely well-acted.
2nding this
I've had that happen on a house call... The cat piss, not the shouting.
Don't frame Bitcoin as Gold 2.0, but as a complimentary competing currency that you can use to teleport your gold.
So someone can turn them on when someone is driving down the road?
Taylor Swift music.
you're welcome :-Z
Here's betting that those businesses are owned by close personal friends of the Don.
If you're so smart, what happened to the first 3 space jesuses?
not if they don't seek to abolish private property they don't
Ok so 999,999,999 people
/uj fuck me that video was cancerous
Sauce
And Doctor Strange was a "drugs can be good kids" movie.
Those scenes are references to the DCEU.
I WANt a stop to this, now.
In-house demonstration assassin?
DAE SJW'S
Kalan = Stove in Filipino, guys
::max
It's probably my fault, since I'm not a top tier mage
Unless we're talking about the mosleeems
I'm just assuming you forget the
Overall, I like the Canada side better, but the single best part of the whole Niagara Falls experience is walking under the river, which is on the US side
When the enemy team gets PGI'd.
Being a gunsmith I sometimes try to dispel some myths, but it usually does not change the opinion of the target.
Are the liberals advocating microchips for everyone... like our pets?
It's been around since like, WWE 2K14?
Cough cough chroma 3 case cough cough
As long as the property is in the husband's name, what's the problem?
"Moon Van" is the term I've heard for these jacked up vans.
Oh sure, I've seen these words be used an insult *soooo* often!
They're gonna squeeze every last karma point from her death aren't they.
yulp
That was before my time, but I've heard tales that people used to draw a diagonal line down the side of the stack to help put them back in order if they dropped them.
People have to be mad because remastering doesn't take time to do and they should just have given them everything at once
Yeah man you got it, we're all equally as talented and dedicated as this guy by getting a glass of water.
Ummm, that's definitely the bread butt.
But Clinton still has a chance!
And we all know how good infinity ward are with balancing lol
I'm just happy to see Legacy of Kain getting some love.
But but... that first party just wanted to take money from the hard working rich people and just... give it away to the poor lazy folk, don't you know they wouldn't be poor if they weren't so lazy!
Samsung just left everyone that bought this phone in limbo... there is no device that is not a huge compromise.
Pastafarian myself... I'm sure his noodliness, the FSM, is only made up of good Vegan noodles... ..Ramen
Infowars isn't a valid source at all though
But, but...think of the baby spreadsheets!
Yeah ... there's nothing more relateable than a supermodel saying that though they appear perfect, they're really not ..
Aim higher, try hitting superstructure or casemate armor (check this one on armor viewer) with the AP.
8 Asiimovs boys, better fucking pack up cause this kid just got rich overnight
I go into super tilt mode and become insanely toxic, as well as call everyone on the other team hackers.
Trenches, how odd it would be in a WW1 setting.
Yup.
Yeah cause I remember everyone asking to join matches nearly over to get that easy lose
thats almost x4 times graphics!
He's not american what a surprise
I bet your portfolio is underwhelming too
Suitskeren
Yes...a conflict of interest is quite damning!
But hey, at least trump has time for his thank you tour.
Breakup with people instead of than making them feel unsafe and intimidated?
Didn't you know, reading while driving is dangerous!
So really we should ban semi autos and unban automatics?
he looks like an ordinary overwatch soldier that later became soldier: 76
Peter is like the only white straight guy \#TooDiverseFoMe
Brilliant comparison, I'm sold - gonna get the Pro.
Oh lol
forgot the
All of them!
KFC
Almost as good as that one running in 'Muric- oh wait that's their election
Campus now littered with inexplicably large cigarette butts.
Flint Water Crisis
Perhaps Georgia is the only state doing it correctly
There's these itty bitty switches on the back plate of the card, you need like a toothpick to flip them but they change the colors of the LED's
tell them to shut the fuck up and wait their turn?
ndjejxujawkdkvjwjdkmgmgkdos
You should totally believe everything you read on 4chan.
get 75 hz IPS, I have a dell U2414H oced to 75 hz for 7 months now, no issues.
Lol they seem so cheesy and stereotypical.
How the fuck do I pronounce "chiw"?
Legaly yea, its not like the army got away with warcrimes over and over
just a hot streak man, just like Gary.....
Where are you located?
My lady and I had pretty cheap [11$ a plate] dine in Chinese food yesterday night at an asian fusion place in central PA last night, the only other customer was a man eating alone - he came in a sweet new Ferrari.
But the Cold War is over!
But I thought you were supposed to point your nipples at the ground?
Pop the zit cherry
And locking someone up for saying mean things about you isn't much better than locking them up for disagreeing with your world view.
I'm sure foreign countries manipulating our electoral process is a great thing for the U.S.
That's why we need to find aliens to fight.
Teslas security is fantastic, every car is on a VPN to the main server, so one of the only ways to hack a car would be to crack the main Tesla servers, even disassembling the car and plugging straight into the computer doesn't work since now they patched it so it double checks every command before executing it
I'm not 100% sure, but I heard Dee Gordon wasn't eligible for the playoffs due to his PED suspension and I believe the same would go for Ravin if that's true, whether or not they were called up during the season.
"May be" -Literally what they said they were going to do
That's a ***cold*** thing to say.
right, cause contracts just up and dissolve like a fart in the wind... yawn... this post doesn't even need a
Yeah because having a differing opinion from the hivemind makes you a shill.
God, That is a really nice shade of blue.
Wasn't there a guy on reddit that had "SOMETHING LOUD/CONTROVERSIAL AND POLITICAL" written in arabic on a painting and almost got arrested for it?
RTFA.
That must hurt for all those unknowns.
Prozelistism online n-am facut ca nu-i vad rostul, dar oamenii din cercul apropiat cu care am vorbit pe viu despre alegeri, cu varste suficient de inaintate, s-au aratat neasteptat de deschisi fata de alternative politice (USR in speta) in conditiile in care majoritatea tind sa voteze mai degraba conservator (PSD).
analog sticks.
You could take the train that arrives before that and just hang out in the commuter lounge before your class
Are you sure you just didn't overhype the game so now it doesn't meet your crazy high expectations?
No, you just gotta believe.
You do realize that he is making you think about these issues instead of actual issues that matter right?
seems like too much punishment compared to other infractions by previous offenders
"Profit and Lace"
Thank you for letting us know, this was definitely a valuable and unique post that has never been seen before on this sub
That's a... relevant response to what I said...
Yeah if we start calling it rape when a person forces another person to a sex act they didn't consent to, people won't take rape seriously.
I'm so confused, why would dropping LSD on the floor do anything?
I actually think he's been quite underrated for a while considering his age and talent (notwithstanding this season)
What the actual fuck is happening?
What benefit does Trump receive by not going forward with investigating Hillary?
Rubeus Hagrid and who the fuck thought it'd be a good idea to stick Aragog in the Forbidden Forest?
2 x 4 = 6 + 1 = 7 obviously
It works upto 10 months and goes to Jackshit?
Hey, we're PETA bashing here!
Yeah guys help, I get this on my HDD.
Claudio ~~Bravo~~ Booooooo
psn watbenjedan
No such thing as an actual hate crime any more, they're all false flags by leftists.
But i heard platinum sword was an epic-tier relic of Holy Trinity proportions!
potentially burn house down/burn self or use slightly less cool phone... life is full of hard choices.
Well obviously you're an idiot because you didn't see the value in what they had.
Please remove the helmet and then I can render an opinion.
ded
Checking out sex tapes at 3am in the night... looks like Trump and I finally have something in common!
I'm delighted people are recommending the RX480.
False flag confirmed, God Emperor Trump and his supporters love The Muslims!
All 62,904,682 Trump voters in the election were Russian spies
You dropped the
The real TIL is always in the comments.
I heard Trump was thinking about making him head of the DEA.
Huh, I wonder why he's so shy.
My senator's Jeff Sessions, I'm sure he'll be easily convinced of the error of his ways
I could too if I had seen them 20000 times
exactly, however with the talent he has now with TNA you never know what can happen.
uR write man...khow stubid R sum Pppl
Wow she's got a fishing for compliments hit streak like I've never seen before
Newbee :'(
I probably should have posted this before arranging it xD
Because Owosso is just down the street, especially this time of year
Your "friend"?
Sell your Vive and get the superior HMD!
I'm not hitting you up for work but if you had any questions regarding programming, feel free to pm me them
Yeah
Excelente video, le faltaron rocas de curacion y cuarzos cargados con mucha energia vital, pero excelente video.
Yeah it's so creative to face the same BPL team with Smalling and Kante every game.
Uhm thats called inflation
Don't forget Woodgate getting sent off on his debut
Sounds like every picture taken in the U.S, Canada, Europe etc
At least they have a headphone jack
Women should totally accept their place in being more exploited.
Eggzept gunz, gunz r saytan!
Ain't even good
Just divide all the numbers by 2 and you'll get a 32bit jb!
Yesh
A better headline would be: Consumers soiled themselves from consuming Soylent.
Gee, I wonder why he wouldn't respond to such a gem of a girl?
"Fuck, what an asshole"
I got "I'm sorry, I don't speak birdperson"
because that makes for compelling storytelling
Gay
Let's bring McCarthy back from the dead.
This immediately reminded me of gyms in Pokemon Go... I don't know if it's even close, haven't played in ages but thought I'd share hahaha
No, that was the Germans
;)
Amateurs!
100% F2P
If you have one problem 100% of your attention must go to it and you have no time to think about anything else ever
The Simpsons.
would you mind checking?
Sorry, I misread.
So everyone would run 3 Dark Harvester?
BUT IT'S SOOOO WORTH IT!
2/10, never playing again
You got modern warfare remastered a full 30 days early on digital as compared to physical It was a no brainer
You got outplayed
Aren't PTRs actually a hexagon?
Do you happen to know the exact or approximate IVs for HP and def (and atk)?
Or that really bad ms paint-quality photoshop that was posted a while back.
"Aluminum," too.
Oh yeah, let's watch Brietbart and WND, they are the good ones.
It's like companies who advertise with their number of lines of code and it's clearly implied that *more==better* (I think it was some post about a car manufacturer's advert)
MLC finding a team that goes to worlds after the disaster that was EnVy.
Well, he said that 9/11 would'nt have happened under his watch, so there's a good chance that nothing will happen.
Are you able to max out DNA?
Just use Justicar.
I know every patron of the Show n Tail is relieved that their moral values aren't being compromised by bare tits thanks to the LEO's swift action.
No that can't possibly be it.
DJ Foster is a pass catching RB for the patriots who is listed as a RB/WR on yahoo
are you lugging it?
To be honest with you, her being a woman is a bit of a relief to me.
haha, your comment reminds me of my OC^please^ask^me^about^it
Snitches get Stitches.Kappa
But Chris Collinsworth said we were good at that last week!
They are too far gone up their butt holes to be able to understand the truth.
cortem-lhe o ombro
Since people working in the CIA are such trustworthy chaps
Yea I watched him, he is SSFing his way to riches by collecting legacy items and selling them to himself!
Jesus christ!
I could be mistaken, but to me they look exactly like YUGE water towers!
it was a
This sure looks like a team that wants to make the playoffs
FUCK YOU
But then what would I do with all my Isenfyre Tokens....
TIL that Jackie Robinson's 42 is also retired by the entire MLB.
In before this post is hidden or removed by the mod team.
Nice pickup, happy birthday dude
I don't think you would notice it with the context haha
good one
It's too much.
omggg, screw you, oliver + queen felicity 4ever, screw stephens wife and laurel, no one likes them
Deathadder is still my favorite mouse of any FPS game it's simple looking two buttons on the side and overall fits in my hand the best.
alt-f4
Not "the Irish", but those in Northern Ireland can (and many do) identify as British.
very convincing argument
Gamestop can give you like $15 for it.
Wow Petty was praising Jesus before and now he's worshipping satan with those hand signals.
The titans are losing to a college team?
...or praise him for doing what we've asked NM to do for over a year?
Graduated last year, work with athletics
havent we all been there?
Nope just heart.
Reminds me of the 88 SC Final when they threw out game 4 when there was a power outage, it was the closest Boston was to winning a game in that series.
And the Russian hackers that rigged the digital machines.
A lot of people are saying she was an escort.
Man responsible for knife attacks points out the victims are bleeding.
Is Donald Trump using another fake persona again?
The new Baghdad Bob?
me too thanks
no no, I am ok, I don't need you falling in love with me.
Dlo is shit we need Calderon running the point
Here, you dropped this:
We should trade him for a young stud.
Yeah screw Regi
The world should be and eye for an eye am I rite?
Maybe he's role playing.
I just died a little inside
I'll add you momentarily
Well, I for one am convinced by that most excellent argument
Widow in general
How dare he run in the election as a complete outside underdog, and then criticize someone like Trump, who didn't do that at all!
I'll make it fit.
They actually didnt for a lot of the time so commentators were sort of doing double time
But but she's trying to prevent the scourge that is autism
It proved that being first is more important than being better.
After all, didn't Obama just stand around the Oval Office taking adorable pictures with children all day?
Looks a bit like Forth
You sound like mehdi himself
We always have adoption and indoctrination I guess...
Well you know.. it's the land of the free ;)
I've registered my right pinky for when I'm eating something messy but still want to unlock the phone ;)
Well, if a dead army can fight in Lord of the Rings, dead players can play football.
No one likes a fucking *snitch*
I dunno if I want the guy fixing my roof to tell me it's only the flu when I've actually got Venezuelan equine encephalitis!
What good reason could you possibly have for carrying around something so useful?
Because of what is media misrepresentation constructed to get half brains riled up?
Much tastier than asshemoglobin.
Hit Prospect Elite, I know everything and am amazing at this game.
No ducking way
Because a) ore sites don't spawn already in w-space, b) ccp intends w-space to be permanently lived in, and c) being able to spawn content in your own wormhole wouldn't have a hugely negative impact on wormhole playstyle, right?
Wow that is a tiny upgrade why didn't you go for something bigger?
thank god *everyone* sucks but we have a GOAT
Fake News Brought to you by Cletus and Co.
At least your owner knows when shit isn't working out.
"The doctor will see you meow."
Where's the Money, Lebowski?
I'm clearly playing the wrong legion...
Hahahaha yeah global pedo rings are pretty funny after all
It is good artwork, who ever owns it.
I still like it lol, im not saying its even bad
Nice, all you need now is change those names :D
Those Stukas are flying waaaaaay too low.
Second amendment will definitely help protect our waterways, improve our schools, strengthen our access to voting, improve our economy, and create jobs.
because they don't want to be humiliated in front of a live audience
I don't know why but I believe them because Putin seems like a nice, level headed man.
Obviously if we raise the minimum wage, it will end up costing too much to build the automated systems, and we'll have to go back to hiring humans!
and here I am still plugging in one of those RF transmitter things into my cigarette lighter.
Too lazy to vote to save an entitlement that was promised to us
They would never do that!
Just an FYI rent 10k and up needs to have a BIR Receipt, they need to pay taxes when it's above that rate, report them if they don't have one.
Wealthy people.
BECAUSE the article is in the SF Chronicle, of course.
But it deals you damage!
I, too, find that all the least fake news about Russia comes from the Czech Republic.
You forgot your
Yes, but it's obviously because of Russian interference.
This is so why Trump got elected.
How heartbreaking
But something something you can't be racist towards white people because something something PatriarKKKal repooplicans something something
I have to restart the app as much as 20 times a day.
Whole thing is fine as we can see the whole thing.
Where the fuck else are ya gonna get a fucking tip top quality snags, good advice and the supplies to make the best bong ever?
what is the EU?
I wouldn't even go so far as to say he cares at all about the homeless so much as placating some of the so-called advocacy groups.
He answers these two questions in the interview, the second in quite some depth.
Great!
What's your bench look like?
The harrassment was only based on metadata though, so it couldn't have hurt that much.
The timer gives time people to get back if, say they had to recharge their phone or lag
Eddie Bravo high as FUCK
Either way, Michelangelo got insanely wealthy.
Maybe for your first account but that grind from 1 to 30 while unlocking MAYBE 30% of champs and the bare minimum for runes aint fun
Chomping jaw button located on Chica's Beak* FTFY
How is someone else's computer being a PC a benefit
All the more reason not to merge one vote to two candidates
Realized he was still on the Braves when he broke his ankle, but I left up the video anyway.
clearly the stanton deal
Thank god they're trying to fix our ailing secondary
Because calling them for what they are is what led to Donald Trump winning
You mean shutting down" like he did Cyborg?
Eagles are illegal to hunt in the US, so I don't think there's any food.
Because your comment isn't pretentious or egotistic at all
Yeah, but is that Blizzard's Soon^TM or normal people soon?
shut up, they're making a reasonable request
I blame you for not being able to talk sense into rusted on voters.
I'm not too confident, last couple of times it came up to SCOTUS, the right to burn the flag was upheld only by a 5-4 vote...and Scalia was one of those 5 so who the fuck knows really.....
Bud Selig + Joe Buck = Hitler am I doing it right guys?
Wow, 7 Plus is super laggy now.. Springboard animations are missing a few frames, the iMessage effects lock the entire phone up while they slowly appear on the screen, frames drop while scrolling... Yay, my $1200 phone feels so much better now
Mind showing off?
:dons the xanthous crown, patches-squats:
yes but that's somewhat better than assuming the English speak.. not-english
By the look of it, the Ravens didn't either
Grabavoy hype train
Install mumble and log onto our comms, sign up for slack so you get notifications about fleets, and we will get you started.
Man this post got brigaded hard!
Is this more fake news?
Well that helps thanks....
Is that before or after she ran a pedo fun club out of a DC pizzeria?
Jesus, would you chill?
Any more than 1 is an extravagence!
He's young, he has loads of potential !
They only cost so much because of fat phobia though.
Renegades take my energy, I want to see the fiery passion in their eyes as they smash this Qual.
i'm out of the loop, what happened?
so dave chappelle was right...asians hate each other
well, seeing what card-ideas he has, he would fit the team just nicely!
What's your caste?
Thanks for the comprehensive response!
Shoulda kicked it sooner.
Because no runners were going to dope until this happened.
All I could think of was: Dude, [you have a fucking replicator, why not just make an infinite amount of everything?]
Soon they will fire all the underperformers.
Burn the witch!
Well if he yelled "Surprise" it wouldn't have been rape no matter what, right?
You elaborated and gave such a wonderfully insightful review of the surface that I simply can't understand why I just downvoted you.
But Hillary totally pimped out Pizza basement sex babies from an establishment that doesn't even have a basement.
"orea vizia"
WJ3 IS A BUST!
I CALLED 3276 WHEN YOU ASKED IN CC LIKE A WEEK AGO
Wow that's a very nice upgrade OP, I'm planning to upgrade my 660 to a 1060 very soon hope it fits in my HAF 912
Yeah, #chickenlover isn't code for anything.
And then we can discuss politicz rationally on arrr/politics for a couple hours
Because then how will I feel irrationally superior over inconsequential things?
Yeah but they're LEGAL so it doesn't count
I've delivered a few babies in my day, and the baby comes out just like that.
30 GB in Canada... is that like 25 GB in American?
LUL
MK Ultra project activated
Nice one!
No mans sky
We need eye candy, watching Jets offense for these past few forevers has been painful.
Yeah because she was totally sane during the murders
Nice NDP government guys; great job
I'm sure the recession had nothing to do with that.
Reminds me of the Citadel Roof.
Well you can't honestly believe that any of that is corruption!
Yeah but its how League of Legends works and how are we going to get LoL's gamerbase to move to Dota2 if they cant understand our GIU?
Ayy lmao
I mean, from a certain point of view...
But I can't see anything, like how am I supposed to know what is going on below my HUD without moving my camera like a good player?
TIL Korea happened between WW1 and WW2
I will die like I lived.
quality post really added a lot to the conversation.
Least you got +10 Salvage.
You're clearly overly obsessed with your gear and need to stop taking photos and start playing instead
Damn that's pretty beast, nice work.
I... I'm 6'5"... I think I can take this guy...
Okay I won't watch it.... Until I beat it myself
Influx of baby boomers that ruin it like they ruin everything else.
In an attempt to occupy them during a longer than usual trip, the parents had the kids stick it on the back window.
Thanks!
It has to be, or else the regular consumer might get too confused
I don't think it can get any better than that Demo.
Yeah kinda like Nike lolz
That face when you live in Scotland, and the eradication of Mozzies won't save you from the midges
please sit the fuck back in your seat ftfy
MERCHANT IS FRIEND THOUGH, MERCHANT HAS BEST INTERESTS IN MIND.
Yeah, he is way worse than the actual White Supremacists we have elcted in the past that instituted Jim Crow laws and massacred Native Americans.
yes it's been decimating the tasmanian devil population
does anyone know what this background is i want it.
Meh the jury is still out on that signing.
Please use a better source.
OnLive on my old Sky broadband connection was top notch (1mb down shared between people)
I know i was pulling numbers out of my butt but i have a guildmate who has all toons g11 now and he spent somewhere around 10k for that
yeah that guy deserves a rematch.
Looks like Alex has sold out to the (((globalists))), am I right?
I'd go for 2-0 to us, Wood in the first half and a late one from Douk to seel it
They're obviously just going to talk about the Wii U's final game.
If it was a Republican, they would have been lynched by the media and people would have actually been outraged over the whole thing.
Mine shoots like a laser, and the reload speed is crazy.
Yeah it really is, C9 REALLY need to work on their T side, if they can do that then they'll actually start winning their T sides.
Do you really think Dana would go on TV and lie like that?
Chainfire isn't the god we want, he is the god we need!
Why would I want to do that?
If you arrange his belt just right, it looks like an assault rifle.
Ahh, but I hear NortonTM is now available for macOS !
Yeah, but that's just business!
Just use the ingame outfit browser.
It's simple really, you aren't zerging with them.
Thanks
I liked your comment until I saw that meant I'd push it to 667 upvotes
He isn't an Atheist but ok.
Yeah, it's not rape, one person gave consent!
Maybe during that Atlantic city Casino bubble.
sorry forgot the
Recycled content is definitely amazing
Yeah, giving some crazy Etsy lady an address sounds like a brilliant idea.
Or have all your friends in and play easy so no one else gets to play for the rest of lunch
It was just rape roleplaying, im a villain, i thought you were playing
I should put up a letter at my local guitar store letting people know that I'm available as a stunt guitarist.
Tippy toes
Ignoring trolls, I think it looks great side from the minimap.
Me too, I feel like I'm taking crazy pills
Lucky Google and Amazon didn't spend a lot of money on leading edge infrastructure, or they would be worth very little.
I thought I was getting robbed at a urinal in a bus station in Cleveland one time, turned out the guy was just trying sell me a $10,000 necklace while I was taking a leak.
Banana
How about Michael Floyd in case he stays with the Pats
That's what they get for talking shit!
Save it from being destroyed, hopefully...
But he's so broken!
Ghetto weebs are best weebs
ill take those into consideration thanks brotha
Look, those billions in royalties and residuals don't make themselves...
It's cool, Trump's president now so it's okay to be racist.
it works fine in the lobby u retarded monkey :D
Indigenous trolls.
lol I mean theoretically if the bag was opaque and you didn't open it till you were gone, I just handed you the wrong bag
Thats why I watch Ink Master!
"Oh buoy, that is a big wave!"
But what if our job requires us to know if a certain grade of fuel can melt steel beams?
I hope this is missing the
Signaling back to the Kremlin with your hashtag huh?
Der gelbe.
If I'd had an animal for its whole life and 16 years of my own, I'd want to know the person.
Not to discredit your correction, but I feel you're just actively searching for people to correct in order to get karma.
It's literally in the Reddit site rules that the downvote is specifically not a disagree button.
Nah mate, he definitely earned being made a manager at his mate's company right out of highschool, and has every right to be proud of how he almost drove the workers to a strike with his high standards based on zero experience or expertise.
The same kind of photos that MoD claimed show both a Ukrainian fighter and a Ukrainian BUK missile shot down MH17
Can't wait for a kid to rip that off thinking the drawer is stuck.
Yeah meanwhile lets check the torque on my lugnuts, make sure the oil filter is screwed in correctly, make sure they didn't cut any seatbelts, you know, things most people check whenever they get their car serviced.
It's ok I just got the cigarettes I'll be home soon.
Looking forward to PuppyMonkeyBaby 2.0!
CoDex DayDreaming Decks Dark Desert IslanD Disk IDentikit Tinker Tailor SolDier Sailor Rich Man Poor Man Beggar Man Thief Ill WinD (might not count for your purposes)
They clearly haven't seen one of the countless interviews where Kellyanne Conway informed us that Trump has a mandate.
HAHAHHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHA
Just what I was thinking.
Confused whether people here meant kbps or kBps
Wow that TU-334 is adorable, like a better looking A318.
that's because our eyes can't see above 30FPS anyway
But he is W A S H E D U P
Except Dragon Ball Z. Not powering up for 4 episodes and Krillin is still alive.
The huffington post is such a reliable and trustworth news source
Yeah he won't have any negative influences in Cola compared to Clemson
thx man I am in 3rd grade teacher says im good at words
*typos
Nah the best update was when the Royal giant had his range increased by 1
because they look silly and nobody wants them on their shelves?
Why can't they just nap during their 2 hour lunch breaks?
faltou o
Holy shit, amazing!
My euphemism for "jerking off" is having sex.
Kecleon!
Yes, black people have been so historically popular in America
No that was rick and morty
Hey buddy, you forgot the
Does Ronove count?
What babe?
Appeal, I guess?
"Every 50 years, mother nature lets us know how small we really are..."
But it also has great access to transit and freeways!
Better than the other extreme at least
Those can't be related surely?
I think it's more like they're both morally wrong but one usually has much worse results than the other.
No man's sky is full of firsts
Yeah sure keep the pheramosa
"Should be."
Hey channel 10 here, do you mind if I use this for my evening news report.
You can still gear your alts just fine with the cxp system and legacy armor, so long as your alts are of the same advanced class or imp/pub mirrors...
You are missing
Well, going to cinema hall isn't mandatory either..
... giving it the name "Witwenmacher" ("Widow Maker").
No, Jeff Fisher made it to the Super Bowl in his 5th season as head coach.
right... I must of forgot to put
Tilted kilt.
Calm down slowpoke, breeding isn't even in the game yet.
My work is doing Triple B's in a few weeks.
Ordered 23rd, cleared 30th, nothing yet.
Emails.
No it's those darned capitalists hiding in the shadows!
He was asking for it.
There was never any true communism, it was all state capitalism!
***The gentle memer shall no longer suffer***
Da King o da Norf
still more than in their 11 men roster in football ...
If there's one godamn kind of person I don't respect... ... It's *tall* people...
Since it *is*, because being is convertible with goodness, so when God made it, it was good.
I got the watchmen boxed set from my parents, this thing is beautiful
I'm under the impression that when Eli is in a jam Peyton is somewhere holding his arms up giving him his energy like in DBZ.
This isn't Tumblr stop
Yeah, because Californians aren't afraid of penalties from the IRS for tax evasion.
I can't read these; they're obviously written in Russian
This is how baby's are killed
Honestly, I'm not sure you're being honest
From NYC to Noblesville...great idea
You have weird kinks man!
I think you forgot the
False flag false flag!
Rogue Two: Manny Bothans
You forgot the
Ayy we have the same name :), yea true and he never gave any credit.
This guy underwrites
But that would be racist
So many surgeries incoming
Yeah because Democrats love Sarah Palin.
Yeah, this game runs so perfect and never lags
Back up
That is a really amazing pic, but when is it all going to on street view?
Let's all invest in stocks now when they're at (or near) their all time high
Well you are net a real man before you have had blood on the sword
My bad
I can relate to the guy in this, girl invited me to her apartment "to get something" told her ill stay outside and smoke
Well... technically you did pull the pin and didn't put it back in...
Amazing what you can achieve once you emigrate
It's been proved that De Boer has been hired as a spy agent from the Agnelli family.
Reddit best place for relationship advice!
My guess would be a yellow-bellied racer in transition, but it also kinda looks like a bull snake to me, so I figured I'd ask.
What was the install time?
Plot twist: The plug in has the longest ToS in the entire universe.
Literally the amount of pulls i did last year and i didnt get her Have you been stalking me, OP?
No, then we have a bunch of body shields you can shoot through.
found the solution to global warming
Being intolerant of their intolerance is the real racism.
Don't tell them our secrets.
As well as Minions, Pekkas, Miners, Bowlers... Back to th7 we all go!
Do you think VAT would be reduced by that 0.3% if the UK wasn't in the EU?
If, with all these flavours, you choose to be salty, I approve of adding chocolate.
Now we only need to get Deepak Chopra to read it.
You not being able to wait is why Trump won.
For Roman Reigns to have another title.
Whoa whoa whoa, that sounds very un-Christian.
No, no you're supposed to boil the water first!
Shut up dude it's all the fucking liberals and Trudeau that are the bad ones!
Nah we'll need that cap space when we sign Steph.
Yeah, and explain to the 2 other people in the house "don't worry if it's -20 something in the house, I was doing some OC, just put some warm clothes on, I'll cover the electricity bill for heating this month."
Your fridge would also be great for those of us who have a separate kitchen and freezer so the cook isn't constantly going from room to room.
How much you selling it for?
CLOP
Yea I'm willing to bet the SF/LA game is gonna have a bunch more.
So you voluntarily did cheat is what the title says
More of a Star Wars fan?
If you're not sticking it in your ass you're just wasting it
Well yeah it's unstoppable but not unparriable
Oh but it's only the "rich" that benefit from it...
Almost as much as with noob white belts who know almost nothing........
Nah though, I'm really surprised to hear Redbone is getting rotation
Army is willing to get into the dirty areas in order to secure a W at any cost, but Louisville is just full of dirty cheaters!
this is clearly no mans sky
you forgot
You mean a sexist generalisation that pigeonholes an entire gender as inherently being assholes *isn't* something we should be using?
Well this thread was *bound to be* nothing but peaches and cream from the start...
Looks more like some sort of palm than a cannabis plant, actually.
Remember kids, don't fork your dongles, instead you should be checking your privilege.
It's all Russia's fault.
Nothing to see except yoga schedules.
Rural Virginia checking in - your friend is a diabetic barbarian
just doing my part
But mountains!
You forgot the
That's not creepy at all
Nothing some Bondo and JB Weld can't fix
It's just cause it's against his former team
when chapter tho
That was my first thought, but it's surprisingly well written and fact checked.
Hanzo and Widowmaker on the same team, Check
Ahh yes... Huey Long and FDR were extremely conservative... Republicans like Robert Taft fought tooth and nail against the New Deal because it wasn't liberal enough...
What does my weight have to do with anything?
Perhaps we get a Dolphinprobe in the new Star Trek IV and the want to communicate with these dolphins?
Oh yea these are definitely random....
DAE one-drop rule?
OG - Faze / G2 - nV Not rigged at all
I guess those are the only ones that would constitute as calm recently.
Such is life.
You'll love NJ, the government loves CCW.
but that mercury is natural
Yea Jerami's like 6'9, he'd body Jordan
Interesting, just keep it simple and improve the functionality and it's a winner in my book.
I'm sure they'll have a lot of great points and flawless logic...
Go 2 miles and Super Mario Run is perfect on a flight
**Smunchasaurus Rex will show no mercy**
Haha and then what ;)
Yeah, but like, what of they just tried being fun?
We're all the way down in San Clemente but if you're still interested (or even if you're not) I'd love to check out what you have recorded
Yellow knights drop them too
Ya I'm going to have so much fun with those epic OOC matchups against Simon Fraser, Colorado School of the Mines, and Western State
its
Oh gee, I wonder what a bunch of PC fanboys' opinions of the latest console will be, I can't stand the suspense of not knowing!
The double champ does the fuck he wants.
You sound like my girlfriend :(
Hi, it's me... ur uncle
Get outta here with that logic and reason
Ask Obama
That requires reading it though.
A disabled person in a wheelchair is sometimes refered to as a vegetable.
lol butthurt cause your chicken lost the election.
Your post history?
Curry sucks.
450 gems for 5 amazing skins + undying chests + treasure chest + music themes + announcer packs + avatars wasn't enough?
Oh come, I'm sure OP was *totally* intending to be one of those donating alumni to the German university they graced with their online presence, once they'd done as many courses as possible to not have to pay back their US loan.
Holy shit someone gets my point.
The French.
:)
They're peaceful and misunderstood.
I see what OP is doing, he's using reverse psychology on Niantic *fap clap*
r/vaporents
High magic damage in addition to high right-click damage
Sold my Scholes to get totgs Gundi - can't recommend him enough he's so solid
You need to check your privilege.
Better not let any refugees into the country, though, cause they might be terrorists.
Trying to REALLY sell the idea that he doesn't have a single clue where the enemy is before pressing the wh bind.
agreement
But all I ever hear from my fellow VS is that the NC and TR never fight each other...
He did the test infront of you mate, I've had shards that are almost clear to White to brown, but I've noticed when crushed up they all look like a white powder, have a good roll knowing it's safe
Is this a game on Xbox one?
Because Semantic Versioning is hard
Imagine Roxxxy's tear away with that...
Corporations are people my friend.
Is that like, his b-boy name?
Not with that 12fps gif.
I don't understand why people look down on guys who use realistic silicone female genitalia (like the Fleshlight) to masturbate, but it is okay for women to do that exact thing with silicone, lifelike dildoes.
Yeah we can't have that kind of competition against the pharmaceutical companies can we.
Prolly more running since most Hanzos feed and are busy running from respawn to the point.
we have to have 10x the military capacity of the rest of the world see, no fucking need for healthcare and education
Top kekz tho
That's just what the libs, with their revisionist history, *want* you to think.
We set a stadium record of 115 last week vs Bama, and broke 116 tonight
Good thing we stopped those pesky skateboarders
Must have been magic
It's a setup Musk, he's already talked bad about you be careful!
After all, these men talk about the sexual lives of young adults behind closed doors - without parental consent for minors.
Apparently you've never been to Michigan!
Even more reason to buff him!
That might result in suden disappearance of 50% of Turkey's population
Google Cloud
Who needs to see the first few innings of games anway?
The white pixels in the corner, I quit the game because of this.
I do see my character every race.
To be fair, Rupert Murdoch is a Marxist SJW cuck.
you forgot the
Feckin overpop
Short MMA fighters are deceptive as fuck.
yay.
I think you dropped this.
Rome is economically in the center, just saying
Thanks for the red arrow buzzfeed ----
This is great.
Because he was elected he must be great
We have the best governors, don't we folks?
the real lpt is always in the comments.
You could buy them a voucher, otherwise there's no in game way of doing so.
my computer is too shit to run it weep for me
you forgot the
This is always awesome to hear.
Who dodged what?
Let Ohio state have a chance.
but she's so balanced with her true damage auto attacks
If it was it could be an easy enough one to fix at least.
IF YA SMELLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL
This blatant corruption makes you wonder what sneaky things they are doing that haven't been uncovered yet.
More fishy than my biological ass
Thank fuck this hit the night I left after PRI.
But that's part of the Bethesda experience!
Nah, 3.7k is currently viable as a f2p, and now that there's no reset below 4k it's going to be a lot easier to reach, and I would estimate that the current 3.7k players will move up to at least 4k after a month or so of the new reset
I heard that it's possible Comey's phone camera was hacked and they have photos of him engaged in kinky diaper play.
Super Meat Boy
Did you just assume my gender?
I think we all know by now that they are the same crew that screwed up the duke johnson fumble recovery in the browns vs washington game.. NFL has to look into this crew cause they suck ass
Took you a day of wearing it to decide it was ugly?
Call of Duty: Black Ops or Ghosts
yes because finding out the rnc hated trump would be a huge secret revealed to the country.
Confirmed... by anonymous sources while at the same time both the FBI and the CIA refuse to comment... Yep totally confirmed and aren't just trying to play the long con to pull a last ditch effort to delegitimize Trump's presidency.
Shoulda used antifreeze
Dude!
This is BY FAR the most TOXIC thing I've seen, like look at all those DISGUSTING words he used, God how is this guy allowed to be pro.
dw ull get used to it!
I mean technically japan is 9 hours ahead so that maths doesnt work but yeah
I was going to ask the same thing.
A 7 POINT GAP AT THE TOP OF THE TABLE (I'M NOT CREATIVE)
I hope that was
Lemme wait for a bit offer.
Obviously use bulletproof glass then...
Free your mind
Enjoy the diet of soup yogurt and applesauce
I'm not fashionable so this advice may be entirely useless but buying things second hand out from thrift shops seems like a good idea to me.
Considering the negative consequences from something going wrong, I'm okay with that.
Yeah they are doing shady shit it's no big deal bro chill
This dolphin has one weird fishy fetish
Yet another example of fundamental problems with this game.
Going to PM you!
Why am I even upvoting this?
Some employee at WG is about to buy himself a Beamer
Yeah nothing gets by the filter.
No just until page 54 paragraph 2
You still need the pin to move the number to google voice.
I'm excited for the Russian CV's coming soon!
D-d-d-d-d-d-duel?
Yeah but like y was it not no mans sky?
wtf ye i blame his mother if she wasnt here this tourney would've been good
Acetone should dissolve the superglue you're using to place the magnets, so you should be able to clean the cubie and try again if you mess up.
znaider can't compete against t1
So you're saying there isn't any proof but if there were it would be okay because we've done it before?
well, maybe the Chinese should do to them what the Russians did to German soldiers in WW2.
Zamorak, the god of chaos has returned
Ooor Karma is more important to you than your career
I just did the same thing, liked the 2.0 taste now I'm nervous since the powder hasn't arrived yet.
Ya but we're half way through the season so there's still time to get it back.
The amount of times I had to see this cutscene because randoms kept fucking up
The 2nd part of that isn't true.
But the superdelegates don't vote until July!
Yes.
Actually, the intricacies of her position on the Flint water situation were what tipped me in favor of her over Trump
Rest easy, Trump is in charge now!
I think this post is against the rules
mycelium trader.
motd
Because they tried to build a tower to reach heaven.
They didn't learn anything from last season, doubt it starts now.
NA region first 110 was ~6 hours played.
Found the young person.
He's lucky Dasean wasn't the same after that injury.
Oh, well then you can have him!
I see a Rick and Morty parallel here.
Well does it suck?
Hey at least she admits it's her fault you're too dumb to realize you should've paid up in the first place
I guess WEC is UFC too
GOT or Elf.
To be fair, it's good for mormon leaders to someone acknowledge the existence of other churches.
you were literally "leading him" on that night.
That means Alone is a god tier song
Anyone have a source on him from finding funding for ISIS?
There are several programs at BCIT that are 2-4 years and the jobs pay decent after ($50-90k), but I have no idea what wait lists are like these days.
I'll add new sweatshirts that are all warm and fuzzy before several washes have tainted them
Ackchyually... as a fictional character all she ever will be is pixels.
I could have sworn that was The Briary too.
Store 112
Wyd tho ;)
No trust me he is prometheus he jsut dodged the bullet when he died
Blount for sure, he's rolling.
Year review is coming up soon so I'm being hopeful and hoping the negotiation will go well.
There's a big difference between someone fleeing a warzone and someone taking advantage of lenient rules.
dont forget your
Just play duel and pad that kill / assist ratio :P
Fat peasants don't revolt.
I'm sure the govt has nothing better to do than harass a teenage hacker and then cover it up...
Hmmm, maybe OP was right about it being an LGBT-themed movie.
I really want Daisy Ridley next year.
a little trick about dealing with insecure people who judge others in order to feel superior - run, don't even stop for water.
Isn't it interesting that is exactly the proportion of the poplar vote he won by?
But you know, all racism is from the right
Checkmate, atheists.
In fact I never called you a moron once.
news to me, I didn't start watching dota or play until 2013 along with watching TI3
15 /f / Viterbo
Yeah good point, fuck everyone in the future lol
I think it is us who have failed: "On the Chanukah menorah, eight of the arms are for the candles which represent the 8 miracle days, and the ninth arm is for the candle used to light the others."
I forgot the
Adults are the worst!
No, it's "there animals".
Yesterday
Yeah but hes got that pedophile stare and the mustache, so he obviously did it
Intelligent and charming!
Sounds like something a cop would say.
And the Warriors kept Curry, KD, Klay, and Draymond in the 4th quarter just to pad the stat sheet.
Them being a cult definitely gives the Chinese communist party the right to jail then and harvest their organs.
Did she died?
Watch your privilege "bro"
Think the Texans might take him?
But they won the trade!
Your welcome, but that's not even the name of the baby, the baby is called Rhaego and I'm Rheago.
There will never be any more good players in future drafts.
Weeds a PED apprently
[citation needed]
Even worse it's over Xbox so you know he's not a real PC gaming gentleman
2015 Falcons
Yes, I'll trust him over all the United States intelligence agencies.
Because obviously the baby was curious and therefore naturally should be allowed to just wander around without supervision.
Clearly Stan has counterfeit oaths that sound similar to God's oaths.
This is the funiest shit ever, every time
And now, when you so graciously explained what you are vaguely hinting at, I understand.
hey well thanks - now that i know about prisma i should probably tweak it so it doesn't look similar...
I've never seen this gif before.
This will be excellent for that bookshelf of iPhones I wanted, they'll have the equivalent of a book spine!
True, but I'd think there would be a greater number of those who like the feature and don't say anything about it than the vocal minority that normally complains about every new feature, good or bad.
TIL Ron Perlman cosplays as Rust to pick up lonely men in dive bars
Sure does suck that our QB is washed up, and we should get rid of him.
first the election, now this
He's got competition in Fitz, no doubt
This is such underrated advice.
Never is and never will be.
Gosh, they can't do anything right, can they?
Yeah its not like you actually have mid/top lanes in bronze silver amiright?
TIL fantasy and sci-fi are mutually exclusive
Obviously an *unmarked* cop car.........
Blizzard should get everyone to voice everyone else's ultimates so they can do this.
No.
I busted open the skin at the base of my pinky by tripping up the stairs while carrying milk and bread.
Bring Back Phill Simms
Burglars have sued in the past for damage they incurred while breaking in (I think one of the more famous cases dealt with a burglar falling through a skylight).
Make nihilist horror night sweats great again!
System player though
It could be that they just hired some interns to play as bots until they get the code completed.
Armour
Why, it's not like they want to fuck them or something.
Yeah but bro THE WAGE GAP
I just like it as a placeholder.
Just to ask about the same thing-- looks trippy.
Oh paarrrrrdon me for not being timely enough with my answer.
So sad I never got an invite :(
Very original
Ahh the casual gamer who just likes to see pretty explosions in front of his eyes, absolutely no brain at all, so unlike my superior self.
Lol so the system works!
I'm sure he didn't have sex till they were married.
Yea because Boogie's team has never made playoffs.
Draw Strings are wrong but everything else looks mostly fine
So very Christian of them.
Cleveland At Cleveland West, Week 16 is gonna be a wiiiiiiiild
Fire marshall contacted
Did you know that no team in the NFL has a winning record against Brady and Belichick?
Oh good, so they're gonna ease him in?
Who's the real Odell here
You guys are giving yourselves a case for that title.
Throw her in jail.
Is this the New York values sentiment I've been hearing about?
How about a new Hanzo ult that puts a ghost of you on the point so Hanzo players will actually contest
But it makes it look neater and it's not like you are going to need to find it again.
She succumbed to the most predatory of centipedes
You Are Right; What An Idiot
that is a thing called Afro-Eurasia or Eurafrasia.
Please tell me you forgot the
And you probably diddled those kiddies too you disgusting **man**
I'm not the riddlers
Natural gas wells just get a cement injection to form a plug.
*spelt
That's not trashy at all
According to Trump's campaign chairman it never actually happened.
Iris magician can search time space trap hole how interesting.
Yeah I can't believe that after the 3DS got rekt by the Vita they would make the same mistake on a tablet.
Considering how many kills I get because someone forgets and walks over them anyways, probably not
I hope that drill bit was food grade stainless.
if your friend is on reddit, I must gild them.
What's wrong with 20 geometric deer on the front page?
You mean in the circle cutout?
Wait shouldn't he be a brick?
Sounds like sweet balance to me.
You're right, execs at Wal-Mart can't afford to make any less and taxpayers should continue subsidizing their wealth with food stamps and welfare programs for their employees that don't earn a liveable wage working in their stores.
Nah, they're just giving birth to another generation of temporarily embarrassed millionaires that will deregulate themselves to the top!
That's right ones a person and the other isn't
ctrl+f "enchant"
And Riven too
system receiver
But she knew ALL about blind dogs!
Didn't they say global warming and climate change was a hoax?
"Maybe I'm a man and maybe I'm a lonely man Who's in the middle of something That he doesn't really understand"
Geez thanks for the advice bud
Well... It's a just a guideline right?
No, you're wrong, 530 on a Saturday night, the night before a holiday where everyone goes out to eat to celebrate is not a busy time
I'm shocked you didn't get called for goalie interference.
Sounds like a mega man boss.
I'm it ain't broke don't fix it!
Anime is ruining the world.
But what if I'm on track to be a trophy wife
Yes, Merkel could stop ISIS if she just stopped letting refugees in.
Shit show
No, the maximum fps is equivalent to the size in inches, so, since the human eye can only see up to 24fps, you never need a monitor bigger than 24"
Just have an ice golem and then litter your deck with defensive cards
Linux won for once
Hopefully he's that average quarterback we've been hoping for
Great President, I fondly remember those days.
It's like pre nerf pulse but better what could possibly be wrong with that
That makes me feel so much better
Franz Ferdinand is a band just fyi.
That's what you think
Shea McClellin isn't the best linebacker in the league, stupid homer
A minority is what votes in the primary.
Merican Taliban, fuck yea
Do you have a multi-meter or another card to test with?
Yaaaay.
Meditation is the devil's thinking, why do you need to self reflect when God shows you the errors of your ways?
And Clinton effectively confirmed the speeches in the first Podesta batch to be real during the debate, so what's your point?
Someone's a little testy aren't we?
But what if she was born on leap-day?
A++ life right there :)
ITS ALL REGGIES FAULT
Impressive advanced oral technique.
You mean like how there was nothing more to Monomi?
Wow, good to know that vegan sausage I had a while back tasted awful because it was a petroleum product
Where is this?
*Nightcore starts playing*
nah Ringo was clearly the leader
Nice Gordon merch
Yeah he actually said he respects Ben and AB a lot.
Wait, I thought the CBC was a Liberal propaganda outlet?
Yeah, because with the current state of the animal AI, a whip to heard them with is completely reasonable.
Women stuff
The canon star platinum is totally moe though.
#NAME?
Old boy (korean version)
Yeah, there wouldn't be massive violence or massacres or anything.
So is Plague now Zaibatsu
Spoken like a true sane individual
nah, he ded
I read that in her voice
But Modiji abandoned his wife faster than he abandoned his hunt for black money, so obviously Congress is the dynastic party.
This sub has failed.
Aggression
Wow color me surprised.
Nothing to see here, just your standard derby tackle.
Let's hope that: 1) The suggestions are actually good 2) Valve reads and considers them 3) Valve actually implements them Considering it's bunny, it'll most likely fail at step 1.
No prob, happy to help :)
They definitely build standalone freezers that beep; our Frigidaire upright freezer does
Now all we need is "how to make a GF" instructions
MR OBVIOUS OVER HERE
Try 10.12.3 betA the speed it throttles increases it feels like
I saw this in the checkout line the other day...who says print journalism is dead!
That's thread safe...
I'm sorry, aren't exclusives good for the early VR industry?
or what?
Gee, I wonder where Michelle's kids got their attitudes
No player that Im aware of passes through a comb filter first.
But is it TSO'ed?
Oh c'mon, nobody cares when they block the sidewalk while taking a picture with their selfie sticks.
Yeah, radical Islam did not exist prior to this.
Boy, you've really got a convincing argument there.
But the jobs should come to me.
unexpected tbh
Le patrimoine c'est un moineau qui rit de ses pattes eusti....
They don't, all wild animals drink milk forever without the thoughtful intervention of humans
Adds atleast 50 HP I reckon
Oh we did such a great job against them!
Oh so they can send drugs through the mail but when i do it it's "illegal".
But he will put all the LGBT people in camps so Pence can give them electroshock therapy.
Just turn off that pesky ad block
Fantastic
He did, by leveraging his endorsement for putting progressive policies into the Democratic party platform.
But men can't be raped!
But he's white though.
He didn't drink the compliance
I must have missed it, the internet outrage over this must have been explosive
Russia or China (or any other country) has certainly never threatened trade sanctions or preference due to not liking the politics of another nation.
Pretty sure he only missed one
Thier CEOs were more than welcome to run for president.
Yeah I worked 2 Latina women and one was skinny and the other was bigger and they called each other flaca and gorda and described others the same way.
This doesn't belong here.
Yup, maybe it's messing with the valves, or you are moving the valve too much.
Did Pink Fresh kick your dog or something?
Thanks for being a really cool person.
Yeah only thing you really need really high write speeds for are HDR+ and 4k
But then they'll just ban rotate his deck
thats racist
Yes
Yeah they should've just rescheduled
So glad I sold mine for 300k
I heard iTunes is getting better
same
Because something that had a 1% probability happened, so math is broken.
Sort of looks like Ivanka Trump.
"I'm in shape... Round is a shape..."
$2000 is a lot of fucking money unless you're raking in good money, which I doubt most redditors are, especially if you have other hobbies that cost money.
Ahhh
Lance best waifu confirmed!
That explains a lot thanks.
How does one choose an area wisely for incense use?
Yea, they work, I just prefer to keep VoLTE off because it causes dropped calls at my home location (on ALL phone models, even the T-Mobile-specific S6/Note 5).
Invest now in gold, bitcoin and commodities, pede.
Christmas has come early.
Scissors were not used in the making of this film
Both parties are the same anyway.
It's actually a demo glitch you inbred..........
Do you have a name / link?
To keep it clean, duh.
Your garbage watermark ruins every pic you add it to.
Hey, name one bad thing that happened when Bush won.
That's okay, I've got a hand grenade that will take care of them.
A little visit to palm town
Hilarious...
That clip has one of the earliest lefty backhands I've seen.
Fucking jews
No, he didn't get the ultra durable motherboard.
I knew "global warming" is a lie, gaze opon the truth losers!
Just to make it that much harder to get the perfect roll
I actually like it because different subreddits will have different discussions about a device.
CNN reported that the towers were hit before a plane even flew into the first tower.
Regular 7.
Good ol' Bobert the trash panda
PROOF THAT GLOBAL WARMING ISN'T REAL!
I always thought C7 lamps were 7W, hence the 7.
Catfish Hunter
How dare you label this!
Give me a bag of kettle over this bullshit any day.
A suo figlio, che spera tanto parta
No, I wouldn't know.
Yes, that "52 FPS" in the right upper corner is pretty heartbreaking.
This sheriff is based as *fuck*.
I can't even believe that one of those 5-year old refugees was capable of driving a truck
Redditors aren't intelligent enough to go to university/college.
Geez, that's a new low, even for a LCC.
Kali
Its 2 days now, at least in the US.
Look at a LinkedIn profile without their knowing I did so, but keep my settings to where I know who looks at my profile.
unpresidented*
Yeah, thanks Obama
Probably 100 hours, I didnt play Z1 either
The female orgasm.
Me too thanks.
Have the Office of the President of the United States held in contempt and give the land back now, along with reparations.
Talking to a girl
My nickname is Extosmos
Civ 4 throne room confirmed
That means they returned from a day at the beach and didn't have sand in one of their cracks.. #WorstLifeEver
Thanks for the suggestions!
Nope, either Android or your lazy and lack ambition.
Now if you use anything in the store be sure to put it back where you find it guys!
As a fisherman, you usually end up with 1/2 a live worm and the tail side dies.
I commented downpost before reading yours, but yes, I've seen this as well.
my argument is clearly that you shouldn't generalize people into groups.
You probably get over $100k if you called Diamond and Diamond
Dammit Richthofen, I thought we was done with this?
Why are christians so violent
Check your privilege!
Wolf is coming to Smash 4 Switch confirmed
Roller derby, beer/wine, sex, singing at the top of my lungs in my car, and Disney's emoji blitz.
Fedoras
Wait what's a hard drive
You dropped your
Ugh, uneducated swine!
Only caliber worth owning is best mm.
The world lost a genius there...
Nice going Foley
They're purple but yes that would be amazing!
You mean you don't enjoy your super affordable healthcare?
Because they paid money for those seats they can do whatever they so please
i didn't expect this after the way he started this year but i'm definitely not complaining
Rip
Uh, because it *does* consist of only two objects: the earth, and the rest of the universe without the earth.
It's funny how the major media outlets have comments on all articles about this disabled.
Was EU a typo too?
Robocop it is then
Downvoted for NSBM
Chinese takeout is no longer on the menu guys
I'm gonna go out on a limb and think he Forgot the Damn Acronym for a second and meant DEA.
Starring Goatse and Pedobear, one would hope.
The ratio they claim is constantly changing.
Corsair 380T Can confirm, I've built in one, it is sick.
Is it that time for another Cernos bow already?
You forgot your
Well, I mean, with those canckles...
I wish I could say I haven't done something very similar.
I didn't think i needed
It's like me and my salary.
Why do so many people hate police?
No no no they didn't die from smoking, their lungs were born weak
Now Im sad by the lack of gore, I wanted body parts flying everywhere at the end.
Then I realized it was the Loch Ness monster dressed as Donald Trump!
If only there were more actual hate crimes, then all these oppressed minorities wouldn't have to keep faking them.
Until October
sometimes homecourt advantage really isn't one.
You can't a have a pole if the Earth's flat, duh
Yeah, cause anti-Trump people are so easy to talk and reason with.
Shhh facts are not welcome in the new America
Good thing the Trumplings didn't vote for the candidate that wanted war!
Battlefield: Vietnam is a standalone game.
It's so great that people who engage with society the *least* are the ones who've decided how society should be governed.
If he can win a damn playoff game
Well, she couldnt keep her pretty mouth shut.
Ethiopia
If having cancer wasn't a choice, then all cancer victims would share one common gene!
Freedom of speech lets us tell lies
This is the Reason that Trump got Elected
Just not Mobile, Al.
He only looks good in comparison with our past 2 1st round picks who are absolute busts!
It would have worked, but Colorado intereefered.
And why exactly should one of the strongest ults in the game be buffed?
Thanks, fixed
Good thing like butter is though!
Let's see if they can browse their facebook feeds from the intensive care unit after their Starbucks gets firebombed
I'm going to build one that just says "Oh... not those shoes..." so that me and my SO never have to go anywhere
that extremely helps me with perspective, thank you so much!
So when you need a water pump, you know what it looks like.
Look at her judo, clearly they're doing something right.
Oh yeah, I get paid a 6 figure salary to come onto reddit to brainwash the online kiddies and make them want to play for honor!
sjw speak; you assumed this was a mannequin, but maybe it identifies as a statue
Never thought of that
uneducated people don't know what's good for 'em
No MLS team has ever been relegated
d'aww thanks
Yeah, and 50k Cryotic for Sibear was also a typo
Roger is just a complete sexual deviant.
Prius driver checking in: YEP!
Classy answer.
Might as well just trade him!
Yes, because there are enough people in every city who support every group, and find it profitable (and no lower opportunity cost exists) to create every service to be available for that group.
what's up with those downvotes?
Damn, you could've got sent to federal prison!
Yeah at the beginning he mentions Japanese internment camps and the Chinese exclusion act yet still defends penalizing Asian students
Lmao honestly forgot about that
You can't explain stuff like this to a rational person.
Sounds difficult to check
Under Trump's plan, Mexico will pay for wall, China will pay for our infrastructure, Russia will pay for social security and Medicare.
It means in-n-out burger to me
She's prolly a red head.
Looks like google translate to me.
Man, its almost as if it was a target date or something
They still add more value than indigent muslims who sponge off of welfare.
gold might want to add
Cunning theif buys a gift that keeps on tracking.
Eh, I disagree.
Jordan would never do that..... because those without rhythm buy shoes too
Weird everyone knows McDonald's food doesn't grow mold even if you leave it out for a year
Refs knew our season was over, had to cover their tracks
In movies they do, so this is correctly implemented
Desegregated, so more or less
I am going to kill myself unless you sleep with me.
See gun control helps keep guns out of the hands of criminals!
Jon Jones
Hit me up in line: Sneeepz We get t4cc bi-weekly always looking for high prestige people.
Thank you for the tips.
lol wut do we rlly need borders 4 newayz
Did you just assume the gender of your weed?
That looks more like a "I've got something in my eye" grimace than a wink.
its missing a single frame at 0:25
Shush shush, I always get 3 kills with nova bomb and radiance, we definitely need another nerf for warlocks because we are just SO good in pvp
Because it stands for the British Broadcasting Corporation.
Found the Russian paid to support Trump on social media.
Oh, then it's completely fine for everybody.
I mean it's not like Mkhi has gotten about 3-4 MOTM awards in the 5 games he's played during the last 2 months..
You look like the human version of herpes.
I'm not saying that they are the same thing, or that they are equally bad (of course real child porn is much worse than drawn child porn), but that doesn't excuse the producers and consumers of this as ok for being the lesser of two evils.
If only.
PUFF PUFF GIVE!
Wew, good thing you posted your opinion, I'm sure it holds a lot of weight on the internet
The Donald Strikes Back
nah its a quest that you can do while in adventure mode
I have the same shirt and my six year old niece laughed her ass off when she saw it last week.
Don't worry OP, they fixed the southern Mines boost which was way more important.
PUT YOUR LOAD IN ME DADDY ROBUX
Don't mind me, I'll stay with my church that wasn't founded last Thursday
But before I get started make sure to hit that like and subscribe button.
OP YOU'RE CRAZY STOP
This is Reddit, why would I read anything other than the headline
5446D mahjong to trigger the libbies
Yes, because nullsec needs more income...
At least they don't try to cross the open line.
I heard you should render 3d videos for better battery life.
Brexit is apparently working out nicely.
Wonderful, thanks for asking
Too long
Get rid of community servers then
I bet the Daggerwind mod has been completely perfected by now.
I can't believe they wasted prime childbearing years like that smh
Well, just another reason to dislike him I guess
Because its anti-Semitic.
Helping nature along.
Must be a Target bathroom for those crazy Atheists
Isn't that an issue with your gps?
Just remember, Nilsson should be our starter and we play better in front of him
Nice try, Reddit app dev.
his "acting"
And they announced Hurler at KD to be getting new track to... and we all know how that turned out, it getting replaced by a railroad and all
This one
i mean he's obviously out performing the self proclaimed "best centre in the league" so obviously he is
Sexist.
They would've done it sooner, but they're lazy blacks, so they're leaving it until the last minute.
Such east coast bias, an article about tanking and they don't even mention the Astros once!
Yay, defending pedos by being pedantic!
Actually, its called "Saint-Domingue"
Haters gonna hate I guess.
No he's a huge douche because he got rich easily and I work hard and don't make much money
Yeah this has never been said.
Now the muslim terrorists are committing suicide to make the poor, poor Burmese state look like it's engaged in genocide.
I picture the mother being like "get away from my babies, fool!"
I liked the laser show before it started looking dated.
but the new icons are minimalistic so it is good to go
Hell Obama got the Nobel peace prize, why can't her?
I'm 100% sure Mia is a boulder.
Lol you must not watch a lot of football if you think it's over.
Yes because liberals have never done that with conservatives.
Either way it's tough
Best dunker of all time imo.
Yepp, everyone not agreeing and stating their oppinion is a hater
Get deep bowls (30 cm deep) with the rim the size of the grille or larger, glue them to the grilles, it will leak less sound now and you'll look great too
Yeah, because I've seen plenty of actual homosexuals raging against girls who like dolls, this pic is so true and not exagerated at all
Damn, just because she's killed of in episode 8 doesn't mean Disney have to kill her in real life
Very clever, well done!
I forgot reddit can't follow a sarcasm chain unless there is an explicit
You forgot
I only like the bluejays when they're good, I'm a true fan
Welll they're basically all the same
Don't let their roadhog wait for us in our spawn then.
You're welcome!
*snap* Yes!
Reddit sjw's they are experts in law with 0 emotional involvement I thought people would figure this out by now
When you put all four fragments together it gives you a portal to the auction house
The bijection is multiplying every number between 1 and 2 by 1.5, giving you every number between 1 and 3.
There's an additional mission to get the gunner that will unlock once you're at level 10.
u/boredm103, don't let the door grab you in the pussy on the way out.
There's none
Anybody with any intelligence would know how to handle those kind of people.
no, he's not a puppet.
So is Gronk good or is it all Tom Brady?
Time to learn Finnish then
Whoa there moneybags.
I hardly ever see people using katars...
Y'all are state school kids so we thought we'd help you out
So if I were to set up a sweatshop, korea is the place to do it
And that's exactly why Steve Jobs removed all charity donation programs at Apple, and why Apple users hate Tim Cook, because he brought them back.
This game brings back some pretty great memories
We absolutely love him out here in sask.
It's not hot enough to be him
Nah Bruh everyone on this sub needs to be told what to like and buy
2 races is enough already IMO.
Oh god that's horrible, someone stop this man from cutting so much weight
Dude idk, it says the astros are the home team on the ticket, who cares that Houston is 1,000 miles away from Milwaukee and Chicago is less than 100 away, Astros are the home team.
I remapped my right Windows key to be Compose, but you can use what ever key you want.
This is a screenshot of a video that's about a minute long ;]
La da da
Yeah Hackenberg must not have a shred of athletic ability.
Klay possibly on the trading block.
Yeah ranged carries are the problem in league right now
Agreed, it's horrible.
Mkhi is Christmas
Every single one.
too bad this is a [Hum**o**r] post so you probably didn't laugh
WoW; but with the questing, and economy of Runescape.
r/nofap
You're shaming people with this post though?
I know we have other needs to fill but I'd love a shot at Leonard Fournete
It's obviously getting a super powered Z-move that doesn't need a Z-crystal that will let it mega evolve also!
Bring em over to MMA, there's a huge lack of injuries over there
It's ok, he dropped this
Hahahah the song at 10:28 is Darude Sandstorm mixed with Never Gonna Give You Up
But but but, Ryan is the worse QB in our division
Wait, HE is guilty?
I didn't give you permission to leak my selfie
You forgot to put
Buy more CPUs
They don't go on reddit.
But if we don't create divisiveness now, how can we ensure progressive approaches lose, giving us further opportunities to complain on social media?
Prepare for disappointment.
The joys of retail!
I thought nurse mains hate everything, hence why they main nurse
come on guys theyre just doing Jackass isis style lmao
Well that sucks, thanks for informing me
Thank you for your input everyone :)
The people willing to pay the most... can't see that going wrong at all...
Ya dude cropped dickies 874
Nice try, fellow competition.
There's even a word for this... lalochezia.
I'd lose my shit if this gets an actual feature in season 3.
Hey, if you guys are just handing out mystery decals, I'd like one too.
You've stumbled in the wrong place, we're all hate full athiest that want to watch the church burn to the ground and everyone in it, including gay sex for everyone.
We were so wrong.
Damn son.
Darn i though it was a reference to a Black Mirror episode
WG will make fail platoons impossible soon!
Not pro, divorce inbound
Shh, the Jews being kicked out of Morocco, Algeria, Tunisia, Libya, Iraq, Egypt, Yemen, Lebanon, Syria and Afghanistan was the Jews fault
Yeah what a scumbag amirite?
I wonder who...
What a weakling
Haha this is funny, although I bet I can say the same thing with all my male sims
Freaking pay to win games
I always remembered it as kid
My brother, yee-haw
Wigs can fall off
It's pushed just fine locally on the 10GE LAN....I think you WAN guys need to step up a bit...
"Just... just enjoy the MOTW episodes now"
Like sparky!
Can Minnesota join up, too?
I think you're forgetting this:
I'll trade you for your sheep, I need another development card
Right, better to buy with Airbus and totally screw over American workers
Measure yourself at night and then you'll say the grinch came instead :(
Well that clears it up
Yea it was the teenagers making memes that got trump elected
I can't get it in the trash can while driving 15 over speed limit though.
Its not on my 'side' of politics, therefore anything goes
They didn't have Emails during the Cold War, so it wasn't all that bad
You need to let me buy some of those by weight too
2/10, would not pluck
Look at this Xenos apologize trying to empathize the alien scum.
But he's saying you aren't Arena only like Ratsmah
Reddit made a few people millionaires!
lol ball movement
The one on the top left is interesting, I can't remember which it was, can someone help?
To me, she's royalty.
I don't see a ring on the cartridge.
We aren't up by 3 TD'S at half, this team is terrible and everyone should be fired!
Gay marriage ruined my life!
Yeah, screw those stupid kids with cancer!
Lol that is because i used flash on the camera so the cat will look my way =)
Nah, I am sure the artists don't want any money.
Pfffffft youre only in this fandom via unfortunate birth
and their pricing is very accurate
YEA BUT THIS GUN CAN KILL ME BETTER CLOSE
But I want to fly my artbot bomber over the center of the map slowly and not get punished, clearly it's the broken LOMLs and flak that are the problem
Supoort i6 now?
you could switch to firefox, thatll free up 4gb of ram right there.
[Part 4](#s "I mean Heaven's Door made sure Cheap Trick was going to hell, so...")
Boy, these drug gangs really don't appreciate others selling dope on the holidays
It's all part of the vegan cooking process
You can remove videos from your viewing history so related videos don't come up.
But have you met his relatives?
You're just watching them on a bad stretch, the first 3 games of the season looked really good.
But that's their defense's greatest strength, why wouldn't our game plan be to play right into their hands?
Welp time to tank next week just to spite the chiefs
Mind = Blown
My teams went 0-6 this weekend, not even all the Jack Daniel's in the world can sooth this pain.
considering the game releases in 30 minutes, digital is the only way
Either an 8/10 or a 9/10, imo.
Never forget how Januzaj was eligible for 47 different countries.
Sounds like you're talking about Syria.
Uzi rocking that Thugger choker
Maybe even a progressive tax like we have for income where the bigger the profits the more the tax (but only on the bracket above the previous).
'Wait for a year' basically translates to 'nobody fucking knows, we hate congress bad enough to let BJP do anything they like in the name of saving the country'.
What makes you think that there would be an issue to do so?
Oh snap Brad, that's really cold!
Yes, the Walking Simulator sure is setting the bar high.
Yea we should definitely make a carry that has a great laning and mid game even stronger late because there should be no decision making when you select a carry to match your teams win"clock".
Nah, this is *definitely* another case of "ram-gate".
No no, you probably mean the sickle
[This is of course a good answer, and in fact once the twist is revealed in the SI storyline, the SI being anything except Sith Pureblood or Human begins to make less sense.]
I forgive you, fellow trainer.
I don't want to poopoo what you say butt that's a pretty crappy comment.
From what I can remember, the cart driver went behind another jet, and the ULD was launched by jet blast from another jet, and came near enough to the tristar to get sucked in
But capitalism is evil!
Yea, pretty sure icefrog was taking a shit and the whole idea of the raindrops just came to him and was done&amp;ready to be coded by the time he was finished.
Yeah i used my sbc buffon
Is this a JoJo reference?
If you've had your MFLB for awhile, replace your batteries.
R/circlejerk now I say "ayyyy lmao" at least once a day
Ya playing Vi/Naut bot is so fun in the name of memes and karma.
He's said not on hostage, which I'd have to agree with
21 going on 40 Jesus Christ sorry bud it's all downhill from here
Handicap would make you get 0 wins
Nah, even better, I got a bunch of karma
All well and good, but please don't put Marina Abramovic's head in there, she probably enjoys it!
I'm on the way home, will hit you in a few hours
Second from the left looks like the only one with a modicum of decency.
No I'm just jacking off to kha'zix porn
Arrester Tennogen helmet says 'sup
You are so willful!
Bubbles are what make ice cubes unclear, so boiling it lets all the bubbles out.
a lot
kenny has a red shirt now... **I M P O S T E R**
Yeah I have these and a pair of Tubular X's, and these are FAR more comfortable.
OP I'm still waiting in suspense.
Looks racist to me..
Should have added the
Yeah but Han Solo's death represented Harrison's unwillingness to do another movie which is far more impactful
Does he know you move with the left analog stick?
IIT OP is MIA
It's those damn Chinese and their global warming.
It would be kinda tough to fuck a giant metal Magitek Armor, but I think it's probably doable.
They forgot the
Woah, that's a hell of a lot of information there.
Because other energy industries are not subsidized
Such a perfect belly, dont know if you have a partner or not, but if you do they are soo lucky to have you X(
Just PMD, gold plating doesn't add any value.
Delete your account
Like the USA?
Well if he is driving a 2007-11 Toyota Camry he is not wrong...
What kinda ship is that?
when he asks the age saying 15 is where i would put it, not saying 19 then saying actually i'm 15 later on.
Apple refurbs can be more reliable than new devices because they have been extensively tested while brand new devices only have quick QA tests.
I think you meant: 1 month, 32 days, and 115.5 hours
no but really dignitas will win the major guys!
Yes, I'm quite sure they found the English Civil War 'easy'.
refund
I mean the drowning man chose to drown, otherwise he might have just made a monetary offer to the ancap.
Racism against white people and calling for dead police officers.
#mum You got a typo there
Imo they should slap headlights into the cars like IROC did and run the Daytona road course at night instead of the 400.
You can do it now with student loans and credit cards, get cracking!
Anti-national Anti-world Anti-MilkyWay Anti-Universe Baazaaru Media
overdraft, complete reach, will bust
Someone likes their mom more than their sister :P
BERNIE SCREWED BERNIE
Nice
I think "Child-Encumbered Officer" would be a lot more accurate.
life is a lose lose situation, thanks universe for giving me such an oppurtunity to witness life
funny and original
Spoken like a true goat.
Is there anyway we could get a thread with the box score and stuff like normal, but for their game?
Most Dangerous: Suzanne, Ruiz Least Dangerous: Flaca/Maritza
Youre a part of them!
Oh gosh, why it was that damned autocorrect I tell you!
Everybody in line just noped the fuck out of there.
Batman v Superman
It's when fat cats give away their fancy shmancy blankets... for free!
Lmao at the guy wiping forehead with the beard+no mustache combo
wow so edgy
Studies have shown studying math and english also enhance abilities in math and english.
But Cowboys have the easiest schedule ever and haven't even played a good team yet
I for one enjoy my lower calorie version.
Campanaro
well, the roman empire beg to differ.
I mean, it's Bud Light.. ask someone to send empties and the cost of shipping will go down, while happiness of the recipient goes up.
Jesus Christ MrJekyll stop being a misogynist.
Well yeah, but you can't pay a fraud settlement with money that your son won in poker
love me some hot racist white women.
But hey he sells packs...
What a gentleman, how could you ever resist him?
Wow he really showed them
It's called "menu simplification", and 'saves resources'.
This is clearly Trumps fault.
Didn't see that one coming.
21
way to little context given in the petition for me to even consider it
No, you have to trade cpus for that to work, not give it away.
Back when you could tell a man's wealth by the size of his lapels.
Too bad that didn't get cemented into Rosita's stupid head.
Nah, we should all call amex and demand free Echos.
As a garbage collector
ya these kinda wack imo
#news1mple &lt;3
What a role model.
It is.
You should dig your own well to get the water for your beer!
inb4 it's the ISIS founding documents signed by Al Baghdadi with co-founder B. Hussein Obama
Why me, why not op?
Ab wheel + Foam roller, those look like unecessary fitness gadgets but they are really great
Another great example from the most feminist of religions.
I'd piss on her grave, but I don't like standing in line.
Detroit Simulator
I belittle console players to make myself feel better.
Where are your date-- oh.
Such a goon though...
im sure theres no situation in which you would want to remain at an island and heal there instead of resetting to your home island
The technology just isn't there...
He needs to take more showers
Oh, so he's smart!
Thanks for the update!
Downvoted for going against the circlejerk and not using someone's tragic death as an excuse to look down on people who disagree
Ok, can we see it if it's so damning and all?
Yeah, the pro slavery parts are my favorite.
Haha yeah I know just how you feel what with all this crazy sex I'm having...haha...right guys?
Seems like someone's been watching Summit's stream quite a bit lately.
Because fuck giving starving people food
Spoken like a true teenager
I'll give you boop up for the original and a boop down for the repost.
Are you sure, they were vague about that
Nozdormu synergy though
He is an amazing OOP running back in Madden outside of the ghosts has highest speed of any running back.
Palps is not a force user, Grand Moff Hissa, Mount Yoda ... what's not to love?
Yes, that whole 2 inches really impedes the person behind you from doing anything
I bought it through retailer in Indonesia, a GTX 1070 G1 Gaming..and tried to redeem it through Gigabyte sites.. The process was easy enough, and it just need some of the information only available in the GPU box, and a picture of the invoice (i just hand held the invoice and took a picture with my smartphone); sent the information through their web.. waited 1 day, and GeForce emailed me my code...went to the redeem page, followed all their instructions, created a microsoft account for it...they said that it succeedeed, but whenever I tried to look in microsoft store app, in my account page, my PC game page, it didn't say that i own it... Ill check again when the game release though at 11th of October..
Because aggro is the ONLY counter to Jade decks.
Magic poker is fun.
payday 2 secret
ha ragione , dovrebbero votare solo i nobili , gli ecclesiantici e chi ha una laurea in economia
Nope when Prince William and Prince Harry joined the British Armed Forces they gave up all the titles of royalty.
Like, let's say, 1k for first three missions and 3k for fourth?
And this kind of thinking is totally going to helo the problem
We don't allow your kind here.
I have a box of 90 gr .270 bullets that look just like this box, i think a buddy gave them to me after i lent him my reloader for a while, didn't know they were that old
Just get a first class ticket.
Should have used pink rgb fans
Yeah the officer should have waited until she actually chopped him with that ax, and he has no right to expect a free american to comply with his orders - he's just a cop.
can't be account sharing between two people at all
Yeah let's criticize a woman for having ambition, good idea.
Here i thought i could just leave it or in the open top hunt the mice that stopped by the house.
And there's also absolutely no way Russia interfered in the election.
Don't worry, I'll be playing him the entire season to see how high I get.
yep... 8 cars driving in circles is so much more skill based than hiding in a house.
For a second there I thought it was Maria Sharapova
I think you need a
We'll miss you
But muh bravado in a vidya game
Wait a minute....
I was testing his knowledge
That professor is a Pussy *dabs*
How could you also forget about the truly excellent Nissan Leaf?
And humans never make any mistakes implementing those tools.
Better than those darn Leanderthals
Right, because the continent was a beacon of peace and prosperity before the evil European.
I get most of the sentiment for counterjerking and I also think that companies undeservingly get shit for things, but I'm just having trouble understanding why it's so "unrealistic" to expect a 9 year old game that costs $90 to play to not have MTX retroactively added in.
ryze, NOT the hero Tobito wanted, but the one he needed
but then all these people in the comments couldn't freak the fuck out about the guvment
Not really now your going vs someone with every champ and advantage from ip!
At this point i just want Katie Cassidy and Stephen Amell to literally come together to absolutely shit on Oliciters
But he's a whiny little baby who doesn't fight or ever play physical.
Given their policies, I thought Israel was that country east of Gondor.
Clearly agree; this is the best way to promote unification of the country !
No but this time its on our terms
Pffft obviously since everyone knows that you can't have online sales for console games amirite
Kicking net for president 2016
You forgot the
Surely Small Arms still favours Titans though?
i mean, have they even seen the prestige?
r/AskReddit ...
Oh man I picked this up for .50 USD the other day
I think mines broken as I've been at step 17 for over a month...
I first thought it would be a nickname for Valentina
What is this from?
naah, the boots are smaller, and theyre a size 13 ;)
Aren't all those Japanese squiggles kanji?
America never causes problems though
Or Spears is just talking out of his ass
Bet you it was some intern who sent the email and was a mistake
That one was posted on here when it came out yesterday, Key's picture is new :)
Keep the normies out
If you don't talk about quantum theory on a date then you're obviously not as intelligent as this person is
Well that's nice
Do what Mark did for Carrie and give her the D!
but then you get people on the internet yelling about how white people are literally being genocided because there is only 49 white protagonists instead of 50 :c (battlefield 1, mafia 3, star wars 7)
You wouldn't fucking know, you didn't see the movie because you walked out
Psyonix will release season 4 when no one asks for it.
The vendor Parthian Shot pulse rifle is another alternative heavy hitter.
but he's a jew so I dunno if gators would like him
The question on everyone's mind: Why the fuck are you going to **leave** a dimension where all your fantasies are reality?
Don't they have pills for that?
Thats #Nebrasketball to you
Wow Paul, great refutation to what OP said, OP's gonna be hiding in shame from now on.
yes cedric... such a good player that's so hard to contain
I know a popular post when I see one... This isn't one of them.
But Meteos did it that one time, and he's the worst Lee in history
TIL the entire population of Rhode Island plays smash competitively
stardew thanks
Never realized that a sudden death in the family was an "awful, life changing decision" that we had to make
Robinho friends should have broken his legs for being so disrespectful
r/madlads
I wish they would remove the power button, maybe Apple will and Samsung will follow ?
ik mis de
Cute blonds want to party in your area!
The sun is white.
THE Ohio State University?
Let it be known that you deserve abuse if you have pink hair.
David Johnson is on the way, don't worry.
But don't you know they were meant to have lots of children?
Che poverata, bastava metterci uno sponsor e si rientrava nei costi
Well... erm... EERR... Mmhhmm... They are just not op?
easiest for me was abyss watchers
I for one care greatly about the suffering of those who have committed heinous murders and tortured their victims.
My Schwab checking did, but I assume that's because it was linked to a brokerage account.
Hopefully we'll never get a white president again.
The door welds itself shut after 10 incorrect attempts.
I bet he never read that before.
What if this is another instance of 4^15D chess and Trump is trying to warn us?
Don't blame people for killing people, blame guns for killing people!
Best I can do is a burnt sienna hard hat.
spies could have never gotten in, too many A-listers wanted tickets
The word is "efficiency."
Triggered
Giving replies like that is what makes them feel ok asking you again next time
They bought the World Cup fair and square though.
How do we know Seth Rich wasn't a KGB agent?
Yeeeeeee
Me and my best friend went dumpster diving behind the mall for her birthday and we ended up finding about $1000 worth of make up for her that we carried home in a trash bag and two brand-new iPhones that barely had scratches one for each of us.
Desi Jugaad is the best Jugaad
Story?
DW, we have ziggs and mordekaiser we can play
*slow claps*
Kek is with Brendan!
Canada has moose!
This is more brutal than the deaths of Oberyn and Shireen :(
I actually haven't watched a Browns game since I live in Chicago and I've been prioritizing the Indians over them for my viewing on my laptop.
Marrcccccuuuuuuussssss BBBEEEERRGGGGG
An eye for an eye
Why you always lyin'
Well obviously it was your fault, you asked him if he wanted a smoothie.
You Only YOLO Once!
On the internet, no one knows you're
I suppose not, but it seems inevitable that a UBI is going to move into the mainstream thinking and the issue will become not whether there should be a UBI but the means of administering it.
TRIGGERED
This is a precisely calculated and overly practiced stunt
It's the outcome of using a dex ring and a obsidian dagger on a rogue.
The rapture, because I'm born again.
I've got a proposition for you...
time for Corrado?
It's always better to overdress than underdress, the prom suit is still a suit regardless, wear the suit and good luck.
Considering he was 3 years old when the Nazis came to power in Germany, I think calling him a Nazi is quite a stretch....
I gave this as my wallpaper from like 2 years ago... yes it's 100% OC.
Cesspool people incoming.
Stop saying woke
top tier DC that was a former coach... hmmm you want Charlie Strong?
That's wood, cribbing is wood, should be fine.
They are influencing one of the most water demanding manufacturers in the world, but think of all the animals they save from pain!
"it can't go any lower" - never heard that in this sub before
But we have low taxes so we don't suffer like the rest of the world.
If you dont catch this generation in 5 secs I tell ya...
But the more I yell something I know nothing about the more attention people give me, it doesn't matter if I'm telling the truth or not
I'm such a huge germaphobe that if a stranger leaned/tried to nap on me, I'd inwardly freak out but outwardly, I'd just get up and move.
I think you could be right you know, it doesn't sound like Lena was a malicious abuser, I'm sure she did it because she loved her sister
Mitron apna digilocker agar use karte to ...
nah hes being 100% serious
I haven't tried a whole lot, RAW may be better but I'm concerned about filesize
seems like I forgot the
That makes me feel so much better
Must be some good "thinkers".
A (Swedish) friend of mine shares articles from this blog all the time but she's a really nice person irl so I just turn a blind eye
MILF
Yeah because we're actually allowed to protest anything here
Yeah, obviously we're the delusional ones right?
Yes, I'm sure her BMI is nearly as low and invincible as Kim Jong-un's.
Hawaii is sure lookimg neat
But.. Rotten Tomatoes speak for the quality of DC!
What a great story, hope these Eagles players will cherish their gifts and one day become a phenomenal athlete like Trout.
I was made in 2002
Also, you can see the bend in the guy's shirt that gives it away.
Links crossbow training?
Sunshine and rainbows obviously
*come to browse thread with no intention of buying any games* *buys Don't Starve, checks that The Forest is on wishlist*
Correct and the new wrx (not sti) is a new engine with equal length header so the twin scroll turbo would work.
Because he's a dirty weeb
Just keep firing till you run out of ammo and auto-reload
Ok let me get this straight... Japan for the Japanese Europe for the Europeans India for the Indians China for the Chinese America for the ~~Native Americans~~ Europeans Impeccable logic.
Ox is taking them all to Anfield
Ploppyjim not great but can follow orders!
All feminists suck!
Check your facts, this is from Australia mate.
"Got 4,000 invites today and a new post for each one"
*FASH*
ITT Everybody feel sorry for me.
I'm just worried we'll look ahead to Tampa
The Irish: Surrounded by water, too dumb to fish.
Wendy Davis is a good current example.
Lol they were never good to begin with
Nat5 Ofc ... how about Daphnis?
As a medic, you're giving me an aneurysm :P
The holiday?
I'm sure Trump will prevent crimes like this in the future.
Because everything is bad because of immigrants!
Oh its an official news site therefore its true
That's a little *too* far, most people would describe my politics as 'right of UKIP' and I never heard of Dianne Abbott saying that all working class white people are racist
Good luck
So there's some guy in a hut in Africa reading this and thinking "what a backwards society this is."
Who?
But it's beautiful anyway
its pink blue and yellow
So how do we lose this one fellas?
mercy.
Which prospects are you sending with him?
With one shocking gasp a mighty empire had fallen... the wishes of a subreddit were fulfilled... and once again Alabama was alone as the principal syndicate of malevolence in the college football world...
Or personal experience of millions and millions of people.
Oh for sure dude, the UFC rigged the fight for Rousey to LOSE
yeah get this lizur outta here you heckin doofus!
It's Booty Spivot, of course.
Why would you want scorer when you can never score?
Sounds like someone needs to give more decadence to Churchill.
How can you call Converge bad :D
Well, if you don't understand why, I needn't bother.
Ah, thank you.
Reasonable
You've got to feel sorry for seeing another human being take so much punishment just for the entertainment of others, but I will admit, a part of me did want to see Ronda Rousey get sent to the shadow realm again.
To this day Charles Hatfield is considered the first weatherman!
Not his mother Cynthia, but named for the love of his life.
so he can get easy karma for being noticed
You can buy rotisserie chickens online?
It's xbox exclusive :) what a great feature
now you are gonna RUIN everything with mods ,aren't you?
It could have been 17
Yeah but when he steals money from the private sector, he doesn't give it away as an entitlement so it's okay
why, in-app purchases of course
*Proceeds to downvote one of your posts*
Provel is a local treasure, fuck off.
It would be nice too when they came back if there was a way to make yourself immune from it, and if you wanted to get it back just stick yourself in the chair again
Why didn't you use super compost?
18 hour old account stoking the fires of hatred, No this couldn't possibly be CTR.
Greetings peasants.
Because buying gas is one of the more common things to do with stolen credit cards.
So Jenny Death?
404 inbound
yeah, that 200 extra lbs is going to break it.
Lmfao, I bet the US would kick out all their diplomats.
Tin foil hats!
s1mple - King of Dosia
is it really a good idea to turn tricks by the fire station?
I'm here for the DVDA scene
Shh don't disagree with the hivemind, down vote him
Anal
The NPS keeps fucking it up, don't blame congress.
Cunt is basically a treasonous traitor as far as I'm concerned.
Yep, cause "good" totally isn't subjective or anything.
Yep, targeting a specific sub and making up arbitrary rules for them is totally cool as long as it is done to a sub I disagree with.
Good God, he is extremely scared if you have a penis or not!
The alt-right's already printing money?
Rhetorical questions, the only true key to successfully court a woman.
Did the girlfriends know about you?
Another amazing thing you may not have noticed - despite being the rapiest prison in the country, at 15.3%, it's still 40% less rapey than the average college campus at 25%, according to feminists.
As long as they require the burial of every pet, roadkill, worm and mosquito that gets killed in the state I have no issue with that :P
If it was increased to 1 mana but provided a card draw on death maybe
X-rays, IR rays, whatever rays
tru
Shhhhhhhhhhh No one questions Frodo He is our god
OMG FALSE FLAG FALSE FLAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGSSS
can you send link to newest version of removewat please.
Thanks for letting me fuck your wife, you glorious cuck.
Just did it, all it took is one level 80 Lando aoe to beat it
*Who's that handsome citron*
But keep sending money
Browns fan eliminating the Flacco/Rice draft.
Obviously Britain because they made us
Well in my case, I wish they did $100 first.
It's just an enlarged version of the left hand gun of the Mark 3s
Jinkx didn't win because she was the underdog, Jinkx won because she is the most talented contestant this show ever had.
Sure, but "Nieto" is Spanish for "No" in American if you say with a Russian accent.
He wants to take it out of foreign aid to Mexico, doesn't he?
Except, you know... A job.
Needs more sphere and mystery frogs
Twitter doesn't allow nazis
Nah man, all skill
Maybe... but does that mean we should do it just because most teams would.
I especially hate New Orleans in 14 and 16
File a report with the game warden and cancel your credit cards.
With rule 3, did that actually happen to you OP?
If only there was a way to concentrate the Nazis and bring them into the spotlight, maybe something no other country does, like an SS veteran parade?
Nothing brings a family together like an unplanned, unwanted child, right?
Bois SFW's in town!
All hail multiculturalism
Grats :)
Yeah, you're one of a group of "Shadows" along with [Ravenholdt, Tess Greymane, Valeera, and Garona]
Haas F1, better known this season as 'Ferrari 2017 development program'.
Add some beard and i can imagine how he would look like if he survives and becomes elder summoner at akras hall in summoner-kun's era
Amen to that, 2 years is too much
Ya just gotta love 'em.
Or... ban those too dumb to pass a driver test and/or attend a driver's education class.
ONLY ON FOX!
I know it's becoming more socially acceptable but I still get shit from people for playing a lot of video games when all they do is lay in bed and watch Netflix like that is such a superior activity.
I've never thought about that actually.. Gotta look into it!
In a battle of competing scandals, what do you think people think is more serious - using one's own personal server for classified government correspondence or the now recanted belief that Obama was born abroad?
Because it's for gaming and gaming is for children obviously
I didn't know game glitches were because of the game being in the 60s.
No, it's because he was using more than 30 and the human eye can only see 30.
Could've just been the same person, twice.
I know some guys who seem to have nothing going on and don't care either
Rarity colors are same, game admits itself as inferior
Forgot the
I love the soldiers as long as they're not homos!
That's just the mark of quality
*in finance, and finance exclusively
Are you saying that Minnesota is so cold that it goes past absolute zero, effectively having negative energy, IE Minnesota is so cold that time goes backwards?
Now kith
I bet his parents gave him a present on his brother's birthday to shut him up.
He's gotta add the
I think T-mac was a big loser attitude and leadership wise and that's the reason he could never get out of the first round of the playoffs
Here or there?
The specs say a 1/8 cable is included
yes
true, faker probably 4th best in korea right now and worse than bjersen stats makes up the conclusion rite
No, that's cause computers are bad and they will make you have no life
You mean a feral Druid doesn't do literally 3x the dps of an arcane Mage?
yes there is, its called biased BBC
You are ruining the thread with your good questions.
Yeah, fuck this, I've payed 30 dollars and got only 1500 hours of entertainment, it's ridicolous that they would ask for more money.
Sarcasm doesn't discredit my points.
SPOILER
Yeah he was scoring points when he put Diaz on his ass 3 times.
These boys don't realize Vin Diesel gets laid despite playing D&amp;D, not because of it.
Well, if you had bothered to roll a Nature check, you'd have recalled that you stood in the heart of the Forest of Gasoil, from the flammable trees of which all lantern oil originates... obviously.
maybe the she was instructed to use her hands for that nice lactobacillus backbone...
This image just screams "act-like-a-couple-but-actually-are-not-a-couple...yet"
Google+TM starts showing your geographical location and social security number next to your comments, coming soon.
Feed this bum to McGregor
Because being gay is just a hilarious ironic punishment for being a bigot!
Another portal that requires you to roll another 2 balls through, to bring you to the center of the galaxy!
My heart breaks a little everytime I throw a portal to escape and expect to see my allies follow after me, but instead they get collapsed on and die as they try as best they can to waddle under the tower...
Well, you're either cool with illegal aliens or you're a racist bigot
lmao
In other news manufacturing cost of the $5 note is now $10
Well if black people hadn't done whatever they did he wouldn't have had to get that tatoo.
This was before the coffee cup policy was announced.
That's super offensive to dogs everywhere and the continent of Hawaii
No, if you show any sort of respect for your country, police, or military you must be a bible-thumping hardline Republican bigot.
Are you brave enough to show your allegiance to the largest, most powerful and ubiquitous social group in the country?
Stay lying.
"REFRESH" means "Take a (refreshing) shower" the app is giving you solid advice to make friends, take a shower and your friend list will be full, isn't that how it works?
Something tells me the religion of peace is about to strike
I just pee on my butthole to power wash it.
Thank you for protecting us from this dangerous piano player officers!
If they publish a list of blacklisted words, the creators will just use creative versions of the words they mean to circumvent the system.
The Koran is very specific in regards to websites.
I'm sure it'll be reasonable, like the Chromebook Pixel
No I don't get it, I'm not a man.
we need a hero who can kick ass, kick face, and kick balls into outer space.
Wow great company to be in
Nah mate have your seen his take ons?
They can try to come inspect my home for tv's when they come collect my guns.
fuck performance and actually playing the game, what we need is new hats
you forgot the
Edward Benz, 27 times, I see everything... That album is honestly a masterpiece of storytelling.
Every store sells water
last year's undercard was the best since 2013 IMO either that or I'm just getting better at picking out the right sets to go to
I guess Civ is trying to cure the peripheral areas of their Stockholm syndrome.
thanks uncle tom, i hope one day i'll be a fluent thmspkr
Well that's because you're in fucking Russia
Civil War 2.0 *loading...*
False the earth is flat.
Nice try Sun Chips.
In his defense Mega Lopuny is really op.
62MB on steam
Poor justification for all that money
replace it with a keyboard.
He's not called "Rhino" for nowt....
Now that there is a question, I wouldn't mind seeing every opinion poll in the country asking this question every week or month for the next 5 months.
did you watch the gif?
Naa Steven Seagal taught him that
I'm not sure about that, provinces even have constitutions
I'm sure we'll have better performance when they switch to Directx 12.
Crazy how much that game goes for considering the original arcade PCB is like $60 these days.
Beautiful!
Shhhh... We're not supposed to tell them that.
In all the games I play I haven't seen a plane capture E yet, I'm on PS4.
I think he has been pretty good this season
Have you even read the code?
Yay the warmongering is starting already!
I thought it was called the "war of sovless aggression or something."
asuh due
Why is his arm so thin tho
Making Ru laugh must be such an awesome feeling.
Yeah that worked great with Motorola.
Not anymore.
Definitely not a coincidence at all.
I guess I should have added a
Glad to see our convention and conference business growing.
lol clearly you have a well developed understanding of the commodities trade and global political economy.
Block them all if they refuse.
You look like idubbz's mentally challenged child
son, everyone's life is full of shit so it's okay if yours is, too
I see my favourite nuns in this melange!
"Non-Athletic"
You dropped your
What about Korean?
What were the texts that weren't originally admitted?
watching my dads first four marriages made me question that.
What there are downsides to heavy government regulation?
Sounds underpowered
Awesome!
Ergh that's just terrific
hot lava though, is all too real
Yeah gosh, it's so stupid to get extra bonus data that you may or may not need when you didn't get it before
Don't you know, it's not littering when it's cigarettes
Aww poor Gene Roddenberry.
IceGjallarthorn
Stay 13 forever or get the fuck out!
It's only 9:13 PST
The guy was spot on in his prediction
Add
u fgt i will bng ur moM give me ur account so i can have free skins
He's obviously not that good if you lost that 1 game
No his name is literally Well you tried.
Cause Fuck the Cosmos, that's why.
He forgot the
Maybe she thought that it stood for Clinton.
I don't think letting a man like Sadam Hussein continue to rule Iraq would have been a good idea either.
So, we've met
Just play tug o war the dog probally loves it
The Giant remake confirmed.
The funny thing is that for the English language collecting all kinds of words isn't even that big of an undertaking because the inflections are generally very limited while for a language like German you would have to collect information like gender and rule of inflection building from a given noun (or just collect all inflections independently but that would be a lot more work this way).
if you're just making a related point and nothing more, fine
That's a quality education right there.
Of course...
You can also visit r/niceguys for more empirical examples.
Maybe it wasn't about actual size, but more like influence and cultural diversity
are there non white Germans?
He is a Flying Spaghetti Monster
Lmaooo yes I did overreact
But they're not hurting anyone!
Only cis-het white able-bodied males and minorities with internalized hatred.
Are they difficult to stand upright to make walls?
have you tried turning it on and off?
Cleanest NA Lucian in the world?
"Why so serious!?"
How could they!
You don't even need historical reasons to hate United.
You DIRTY BIRD!
My fear isn't that they'll be respected by the company, but that WWE isn't always capable of properly booking talent.
But it's just satire bro!
If it's any consolation this was controversial enough even back then that there was a grand debate over it (which iirc Sepulveda was one of the participants in).
Oh no but that would make us as bad as them...
Interesting that such a great union causes such major divisions in countries though.
Oh okay thanks that makes sense.
Whatever, good luck with your autism...
He Ott to do good there
Georgia Tech is referenced in our fight song, but we haven't played them since the 80s.
goddamn that elephant looks so sad
No girls aloud
I miss the good ol' days when you could just lean back against a wall and see through the entire building, it made for some really good PVP
And let's give her ult a knock-up alongside her silence to balance the delay on it!
But but but.....Byrd apologized guys!
But she's never been inappropriate around a child in her life!
Can you post a picture of your body?
TL got fluked again by one teamfight
I wish my grandfather was Tsar Nicholas II Romanov
It's about the small victories
They'd be like the 'Phantom' in Master and Commander (a story that I'd love to see adapted into Star Trek somehow).
Demoman disagrees
And if you are a woman, you are already avoiding them because you are a hypergamous Stacey whore and only have eyes for Chad.
I had to check to make sure I wasn't in r/ComedyCemetary
If you're like me and didn't know what they're for, I looked it up: *Spare Glass Blocks* -- To replace view ports which had a tendency to get bullet riddled.
Just look for the horns
Math smath, someone told me a myth debunked multiple times so I'm going to stick my head in the sand and vote for corporate stooges because Nader
Am I the only one who feels really awkward after reading this convo?
I didn't ask what needs to be done.
I'm so glad to see Kevin Trying out so many different roles.
Is love real?
Like, maybe he's just doing it because he doesn't want to be assassinated by Mossad idk lol
It's cause you're not from Great Britain.
It's because Kirby worshipped at the church of Saban.
It's how the lyrics to that Monster video package from WM 30 go
inb4 hackers are gumi
It's called fancy dining!
That must explain why PC activists are so pro free speech right?
If it was as easy as just using paypal to donate to youself, why don't they just transfer the money through paypal
It worked 190 years ago, why not now?
As well they should be.
No the only reason they lost is because it wasn't Sunday
Well he was just sitting in Illinois not doing a thing to help those suffering.
I'm pretty sure this is in reverse.
Are you calling me an ant, ant?
but not that
Maybe you get more points for getting the opposing team to leave.
A
But...but... Border controls
High quality shitpost
It's true and he did actually talk about it at the end of the episode but he just annoyed me so much.
When I want to ask a stupid question but I don't want to have someone see my search after I act like I had that information for some time.
Someone has a bright future ahead of them
I thought it was free($Friend); //or delete... Don't want to have to keep them around while ignoring them
I think you dropped your
400,000 Syrians died yet Europeans are the real victims
Buy a second home to store your cereal
nope, guess that made it that much easier
See, slave owners were good to their slaves!
i think he's being facetious
I love it when shows really understand fandoms like SU does.
That's not going to happen and you know it.
Shit, at this pace it'll take another 20 years before each driver in F1 speaks Dutch :(
Better not use it on me, you jerk
Well that's a funny way of spelling Galaxy.
Needs more airbrush
Wasn't there a thread saying the exact same thing?
Maybe he had multiple personalities.
Yeah, it sounds like a laptop cooler brand
Take the liberalism off of that statement, and you're pretty much right.
Yeah, I'm sure he would have
Oh bully, it's really a shame that not more parties in Germany a racist shitfests
Aches so we don't have to play him at champs
Actually, I'm not dead yet, but in a few seco
I found a planet just like that in the Noti system.
No we support historical accuracy in our historical games
the whole place is General Admission, there are no assigned seats
we need those ear-shattering snares though
We're still the monsters though
He looks like that guy from Boy meets World.
You had like three whole weeks to farm 5 rebels, level them to 80, get mods, and farm hundreds of raid-only at ~25% droprate purple gear pieces.
TIL the R9 380 = GTX 970.
If it's all white, that's fine, but if any of them are DIVERSE then it's just the SJWs dismantling our society, so obviously it's super important.
Looks like Giant Panda meat is back on the menu boys!
Braid tugging intensifies
Okaay.. A subreddit abot that don't sound toxic at all.
Actually, usually when I see posts like this it's usually from the same person.
But I love the original Die Rise on Spider-Man 2 (only real Treyarch fans know ;))
I think what you mean is that we'll still need millions of people to grow hay, because, unlike the horses that came before them, cars can't go and graze on their own.
I'd be worried MiL would try to undermine your parenting and even worse, try to get custody of the baby/babies because Lesbians are immoral and goodness knows what other evil things.
well duh, now they won't ever get tickets
Where do I push on the controller?
Kaps only good with jetpacks
Di turn off if sexy si crush.
And yet people still have never heard of building seven.
I have heard good things about the LSU safety but I would expect us to go after the Alabama OT
The fact that this thread crops up a few times a week is indicative of there being a problem.
OH NO!
I was wondering what a tater tot was (in the context of playground equipment)!
Considering this looks like 1980's Australia, I genuinely wouldn't have been surprised if that had been the outcome.
W2C?
My gf once told me about how when she was a kid, her parents would put pepper on the spaghetti and so that led to her freaking out because she thought pepper was a kind of ant.
Possibly, but I doubt it since he can read my messages and this has happened with other people, not just him.
Tongue punch a fart box... Like poetry
Obviously a masterful pincer movement I don't see the problem here.
Yeah, why isn't the name in the title?
I'd so rather do a double than a split... saves me gas
Chichback in 3 years?
There are also the dodgy entrenching tools that look like they do a bunch of things but completely suck to do any of the stated tasks.
Then maybe use negative duration mods?
my mother
I'd argue that Australia is a cultureless wasteland in general.
As a man with a 2,147,483,647 IQ, this is all true.
But they invested all that money on the light floor tech, why would they possibly need anything else?
Preorder cancelled, not buying this garbage
What a sexy bastard
Now you're pushing it, she'd be in TNA after all.
In their head
If I were god, I'd have better things to do than creating humans.
Cos Riot is a small indie company
True, but at least I learned about so many useful apps.
Riven mains so toxic ecks dee :^)
Make every boost spot have a ladder or an easy jump
Are you telling me that you just don't have enough humor to put up with his sexist behavior and jokes?
I didn't read the title and medic kinda looked like junkenstein so I thought it was an official tf2 x overwatch comic and I was really fucking excited
Nor tell Howard Sternthat his lower age limit is 12.
Hey he has brought us this awesome content
but the human eye can;t see past 24fps
I like this guy, he speaks his mind.
Great now I get to spend my Labor day watching ATHF...fml
Yes it is
I like you
I'm betting the author gets laid a lot!
Great job spotting an edge case for the syntax linting test!
if they start right away, maybe they will finish it in 2050!
Wonder trades always turn out fun
Well it's not like you could gain weight unless your body wants you to
I'm agreeing with you...
The shaky camera really makes this worth watching
Uhh yeah they do... unless you buy the shitty $2 ones.
That seems like the perfect compromise.
And here I am interested in what was left
And we are all 12 years old
I mean, it's not WoD of anymore
dude, spoilers much?
Felatio
But that one time he said some nice things about them!
Rigged
All the fluoride in the chemtrails makes us docile.
Then get a lifetime ban subsequently... like ibp
Bad Taste!
Possibly, but JWs may act on their judgments to a larger degree than many, by avoiding and shunning and gossiping.
But I thought tobacco didn't advertise to kids?
Or just don't worry, that's my point.
BUT MUH LIGHTNING STRIKE EFFECT
To r/all with this post!
I just bought one for $96 on Amazon... not sure if it is a good deal, but it was great for me.
Sounds like I need security from you.
But it's clearly how you launch the next big phone.
wub wub wub!
Also I think the big thing was he said he didn't get paid like a main eventer when he had to take the co-main event spot
What a well, thought out response
You get a loot box if you hit legendary.
It's not like there are any newspapers that'll publish the addresses of gun owners.....
I forgot my
Yeah, next thing you know evil Paradox is going to be making full games just to make a profit!
When, you're farming on Meowth's stage for coins, you don't want to win too quickly, so you add a ghost to your team so you can make low scoring matches.
uhm, read the title?
dw english too will erode your cultural history
making it sound like an online college really helps toward that end
not gun lie, imgur has expanded beyond their own use case; too bad reddit doesn't have an img hosting service
No, its the Met!
Necrophile?
When Ram returned from Sri Lanka he lighted the South first
How about instead of a federal ICAC we have a yearly tribunal where MPs and senators have to explain why they took money and get a finger waggled at them?
that's what t-mobile is for
That was hard
Vote Trump!
IT'S ALL VOLUNTARY
He still looks like f2p...
I'll do video about it faster than you and i'll get all the youtube monies instead of you.
Why is Mario the one shown beating Peach and not the way around
Uhh its obviously his past experiences in Minecraft that gave him those skills duh
It's a bad idea to let the Irish team play in a city where drink is cheap.
What was the most painful part of the procedure?
Would that not be your rank?
savage
I meant the hand lol
im going on right now, want to join?
But Planned Parenthood is the devil and must be stopped at all costs!
The prosecutor would have access to all the facts so it must be true despite any evidence to the contrary.
Crazy talk, not like they would ever milaritize those artificial islands
Forgot your
of course.
Dat minor cut before workout to hit better weight/bw ratios
Does this automatically mean there will be another, distinct version of Nissa in the main Kaladesh set?
I'll trade you my purple fez for your purple fez
ye which is why we perform so well in IOI or ICPC
Who hasn't made fun of someone's birth defect on national television?
Oh didn't even see that it says quartz haha I just wrote it because I saw SQ and if it wasn't written on it, I wanted to help out OP... Downvoted because helping someone out, classic reddit
But then who's going to hang up his leathers once he's home?
This will be glorious in foil
thats the thing you did wrong though, there's no gun better than the pro90
If you really wanna convince people this is all a part of the new world order plan, maybe spell "subversion" correctly.
they did fix it, they added the nurse!
I don't think Comma sponsor him anymore, that was back in his GP2 days
raise the prices
Guitar
Don't worry DK, I'll snag him for us a couple times this season.
Yes, her ass speaks volumes as to how fierce she is.
or he's just edgy-kun-chan-san-sama
As long as they are separate but equal, I don't see how it could be an issue.
Nah you just lost a merchant is all
Ill honestly be interested in making a team just for shits and giggles
Please tell me implied
You dropped this.
After having Android phones since I was 16, I am sick and tired of pimping out my homescreen and I can't wait to get an iPhone.
Yeah I'm sure adding more base movement speed will make him game breaking
Right, due process is just an afterthought of this country, we should just get rid of it since it's holding us back.
clearly you should break up with her
I would totally listen to someone who projected their anger on me and called me a child.
Shirt pants and shoes ruin it
We'll sell millions with SMT V and DeSu3
Nah bruh, Bork Lesnar is da best.
Outstanding example of hesychasm!
Weil es ein Wal und kein Mensch ist?
Fuck you Nathan.
You should probably start with history teachers not music subreddits
Well, I guess they should structure their writing around you personally, then.
I feel that Vancouver is very under-represented in this thread
buti pa sila
Put on a damn coat.
Damn every time this video cracks me up
Not all countries have access to YouPorn.
I'm surprised no one noticed the typo
i like lop and pots because i feel sense of progression with buying characters and power enhancing runes
So if I have my usual than I just need to figure out how to live on 500 solid calories, good to know!
Oh, how could I forget
Should we give him a look?
But, no other other candidate is transparent, so why should MY candidate be?
Those dern Atheists and their Suicide bombers and school shooters
Not quite certain if the Red Hat logo is big enough on the web site...
The patriarchy
Great managers *delegate*, people.
Well I bet your not the best even if you could of tried harder.
Sounds like something you crazy northerners would do.
Quite the exciting prospect, isn't it?
Well, not according to the province
Get a Titan X and use the 1080 as a PhysX card
If you don't accept the far right then you're just as bad as them!
Now you're going to be floating up into death.
While we did become more conservative you have to remember on the offensive side of the ball we were backed up in our own territory nearly every series.
"bikes must obey traffic laws written for automobiles"
That's because it's not a peaceful religion
Katamari literally starts with a man destroying the entire cosmos, then making his son clean it up, it's a total male power fantasy
Sjokkerende!
It's worked so well for us in the past!
yea its actually disgusting
but emails
But the human eye can only see 29 fps
FYI: Dave Rubin said in a periscope livestream that he had 80 of his vids demonetized
I mean I'm not afraid of heights but I'm afraid of that.
I hear they're switching to the Phoenix pay system... CPP should last forever now
Don't be ridiculous, Gen X'ers dont' have jobs
I may be small but when I shit, you will know it.
So you're saying they should nerf/remove mandatory mods like multishot and serration right?
A stunning and original design from Apple like always!
ctrl + tab makes my game freeze :c
Sony still dont know how to put on a show :(
There's no way this can go wrong!
It is supposed to be aye, every Scot knows it why don't you bloody English know it?
[audible thud]
Done vote for spelling "Favorite" wrong.
Thanks &lt;3
but he keeps his 480 at 1266MHz and no throttling
Nah, an Apple executive said it so it must be gospel.
She said it's the gold standard of trade agreements and has lobbied for over 3 years for it but I'm sure he's not really for it
Thats to funny!
Those countries are nazi socialist totalitarian hellholes with no freedom
Just buy a new car, bro.
Mexico will pay for it.
The Starters want their trademark back
scrub
But if we ignore the null results and make wild extrapolations from the remaining noise, I can sit in my mom's basement and daydream about buying a LENR reactor on Mars with my bitcoins.
Dat rock star economy.
That's the spirit buddy
Eating horse dung in Ohio
While we're at it can we have 1.5x as default magnification to annoy people who dislike the magnification of the G36 default optics?
Better call Security Forces first!
I don't know, his contact just vested a few weeks ago.
Are you forgetting that the Tirpitz *single handedly* sunk Convoy PQ17?
... this could potentially explain the PRIMIS picture from Origins, where it appears that one of the Staffs shines a very bright light
Love how it seems like Dempsey is the one that least changed when compared to his 1.0 version.
That is what Niners are doing with Kaepernick....
Yes I'm sure no one at Apple has ever tried running with them.
woah.... so edgy!
Pro sports are more popular by a mile here in MA.
Natalie: "Here you go Bridgette, I took care of him for you" Bridgette: "Then why does he look almost dead"
Funny, I have 23 comments and yet I have no karma, and I blame your answer.
see, it's eco-friendly.
When a girl is shy and awkward.
What are theseeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
I love playing board clears with my Rogue.
Poofter.
his kid looks like a japanese cunt
MangoBay
Yes looks like it skipped leg day.
This is what happens if you ride on the wrong side of the road
Look at all the rapists down voting you
Every game needs constant flash-bang buzz sound it adds to the gameplay with a headache, best thing from that patch.
You dont, repair costs are so high on Japanese aircraft they had to make them club or go broke.
Imma one up you and quit as soon as my grimoire card comes up for the new maps and requeue in the hopes of getting another new card.
You can't just "*read* the Bible" when there are all these gay people out there that you have to defend the Bible from!
PS3 Backwards Compatibility.
Wow trying to take the moral high ground while murdering a man for a non violent crime...
It's a small funny world.
This meme is almost dead, don't keep it alive please?
Cam... Just start Cam
**totally different situation**
HE DROPPED AN
"Contains vegan ingredients" Of course it also "contains non vegan ingredients" But hey , all the same, amiright?
I don't condone torture, but i think this pastor should be tortured.
Oh well, that settles it then I guess.
OMG HES SO QUIRKY
She also didn't send or receive any classified material on her private server
Not a conflict of interest at all!
You dropped your
Yeah but last year Ware was basically Jamaal Charles...they should just cut Charles and give ware a 5 year contract
You can come to NB to get a free education and then leave like everybody else?
so i found this cool new site called csgolotto and i already won like $69
Get off my lawns you liberals!
I believe opening a contract with cell provider is also hard inquiry .
Some of that evidence you're basing so much on was that he was underage and had no weapon of any kind.
yea i'd much prefer a processed chicken patty to an actual chicken sandwich anyday
Top left to bottom right is the correct way
Nah I'm JK.
At least you could recharge and listen music at the same time
Just go to chrome://flags and enable Scroll Anchoring
Paging r/tinyhouses
So they hate Women more than African American Kenyan Colonialists with possible Muslim sympathies?
Well first of all he can view reports on games he's in, and also his guilty will mean sweet FA as the judge would inno it.
Sorry, forgot the
Is not violence of someone else is doing it!
cuz hes a thug
You got paypal?
How dare you say I'm easily triggered ?
Honestly I could not give a single fuck about your opinion, ignorant fuck.
It's a good thing we have such a trustworthy upstanding citizen as an alternative.
Yes this thread is taking up so much space...
But that's not Apple so it's ok
just to have a bit of fun
And I'd say that's likely a safe wager.
we must not inhibit touchdowns, scoring is what makes us different than soccer
Helped a friend build one in his basement, can confirm, the vertical section was a waste of time, he ended up ripping that out so he could put in shelves (kept the 35 degree overhang section though).
Courage can be confused with stupidity by the weak.
Until then... SHIRTS OFF FOR HARAMBE
So the Third Hokage's name literally means Ninja Warrior too?
Chance the Rapper!
Clearly he should have seen that coming
Faith in humanity restored.
No, this is just American culture where guns and violence are ok and nudity is the first thing to be filtered out
I guess she didn't lie about the sniper fire either?
Make sure you do it for PS4 also.
And if it still *is* fake then the perfection of the fake is in itself impressive and worthy of admiration.
Wait for coup and power handed to the king
Stop blaming the victim!
How much did you spend on them?
Where is it?
Len Kachinsky, at first I thought he was a good guy and was defending Brendan on Making A Murderer but then he ended up being a fuck
Source?
Resell still be lit
B-b-but Emily Rogers says they are ahead of schedule!
MOAR VAULT SPACE BUNGO
He's more difficult to play against so different rules should apply when playing against him
Yeah because the Browns can rush the QB
Then you can compare lemons to lemons!
Looks like the Joker, *looks for Harley Quinn*
where can i watch the game in my house?
Yeah, but it's $798 for labor
There's a difference?
Too bad all those PC liberals made the moderators agree to put trigger warnings in the debates this year.
But california has universal background checks, an assault weapons ban x2, and magazine capacity limits, how could this possibly happen?
My mistake, bars are tasting rooms too right?
You mean that evolution didn't turn a monkey into a human in one step?
Sales data of 4K discs shows that you or anyone else does not need a 4K Blu Ray player.
Aww :(
having blown a head gasket similarly, kek, probably a blown gasket but maybe just a seal somewhere in the gaskets (actual case with me)
Great marketing, Microsoft.
It's in the Comedy Plus add on package.
Pussy Powers.
Definitely *a* butt, but *my* butt?
if he was a real American sniper, he would have been able to no scope.
Because the reds didn't believe in god, of course.
We have commas in other languages you racist fuck
*This account has mysteriously disappeared into a black bag and has been thrown into the river*
Obviously the coaches saw something in Gaudreau and put him on the first line to boost McDavid since he didn't get a single point last night.
You don't understand, the tank is made of rubber, so the gun can depress through the frontal armor and the top of the turret such that it can achieve nearly 75 degrees of depression.
Sounds like she has an unbiased view of law enforcement
As a girly-girl mole-person, I take offense to that!
Carriers don't move, the planes do it for me
Blacks commit way more violent crimes than whites per capita
I don't think they made up people - seems like they created accounts for people without their authorization.
Price is a bust
And you think the US gov't cares about that?
look at all that white privilege
the anti crouch spam should end when a team wins the round
Still funny when you decide to go round beating the crap out of Scirocco's O with the bullets of a Zaku II's 120mm.
Batcave confirmed!
No port is big enough for my penis sir.
I mean Hitler had only one testicle so he was partially fixed?
In this case it's just a picture of my butt that I took/posted myself.
Typical EU players.
Nothing beats a good cough!
Yes, but this time our harsh words will finally make him think twice.
You have wives that work in shifts?
MUH IMMURSHUN
Only a shimada can control the karma
Yes, throw our lot behind Trump the uniter.
Much better for only a few people in a few states to actually matter in the election !
As long as you don't fall and die from the rafters :(
America isn't Korea or Japan.
There's a literal sandcastle.
...because they are all in Berlin!
Yeah, I just got rid of the first car I didn't keep for at least ten years, AND I splurged on the comfort and electronics packages
Good.
I think you are reading things in my post that are not there.
The biggest nerd I see here is you.
Understanding Exposure by Bryan Peterson.
Do you mean the double stacks?
Yeah but at least it doesn't get viruses
It's almost as if things aren't just jet black and white, what a concept!
Nope, sorry.
Mij ook dankje.. a bradda
Ye cause it's not like all of Israels neighbors have been trying to wipe Israel of the map since it's founding.
Damn Yogg sucking the fun out of hearthstone
Automotive service - not repairs, but just the regular maintenance stuff.
Depends on your phone
You're a sellout!
'Special snowflake' basically means 'cis heterosexual white abled neurotypical males are the Default Humans and deviating too much from that is ridiculous'
He melts when I do it too, and I'm a prot warrior :P Enough withered with their damage increase buffs and he melts regardless
don't fuck with unions son...
Sorry, not looking to sell the case by itself atm, really don't want to pull the PC apart.
Well, most homosexuals masturbated as teenagers, so that proves it, right?
Why dont you try someone your own size?
Sometimes employers don't understand that time is MORE important than money.
It's ok to have standards, as long as those standards don't include fat girls
This hate is toxic.
RIP Nick Diaz's legs.. I don't see how he can win this.
Rademita
I think you forgot this
I heard the editor or somebody on the radio today and they said they only stepped in if there was an existential threat to the republic.
Yeah suddenly needing to do long division while swimming happens to me a lot actually
Haha this was so funny!
And yet the massive amount of speed, booze, morphine and meth the German army and Hitler did was somehow healthier...
No, only when you scope in
You could do it that way, and get it notarized - that would actually be the most official way of doing it - but we didn't get a notary, just signed them over at his place and didn't have any issues
Wow, I can't believe they're doing it...So brave.
Probably from the locker room!
Then move up to take on Canelo, maybe it brings Mayweather out of retirement?
... not sure if
So your new to the game right?
*Ahem*
It has a supressor
Yeah but lee is working for the russians too
Maybe they can recall the iPhone and put a headphone jack on it!
Are you telling me rushing in single file into a death trap isn't a viable strategy?
Says who?
kill the dog
What you call liberal bias, I call common sense.
Because Pakistan obviously doesn't have any other issues or social constructs that cause issues like child marriages to be rampant.. it must just be islam
But flail is a normal type and not super effective against anything :(
Wow 135, so much people!
I play nearly exclusively in RB ground, I've only ran into one obvious cheater.
Great argument mate.
are you saying its time for another one?
I love when the mask comes off, and you libtards show how nasty you really are.
They are too busy impregnating white women.
Removed, link doesn't work
But the relationship was dead in her mind, so that's okay.
You press z or x and nothing happens, just for a very short period of time then works perfectly for another hour.
What a cunt, copying the great attacking player that is Laurent Koscielny
Hey now, Sean Murray has brought the world Joe Danger, which is perhaps the most genre defining game of the decade.
Yeah also Mortal Kombat or Street Fighter crossover pls they fit just perfectly in the payday universe
He needs to practice those Serie A crosses.
Music is for serious people with serious instruments only
This seems like a good idea.
Yeah but if it was Abby he woulda scored a TD
Easy to climb when you can't find scrims.
Because the dedicated servers are so advanced hurdurdur
fuck hill's probably gonna tear his acl now
She switched to Earl?
...also controls the media, the banks and the government
Yeah, I don't know if this guy is even American.
For a Diablo like, go with Path of Exile which is free but better than diablo in a lot of aspects.
Dark Side of the Moon.
But homeschooling is for religious whackjobs!
What a clear and un-opinionated piece by a medical professional that concentrated on the medical facts of the situation and not by pandering the same old shit.
perhaps this should be a game mode in arena
Plus, she just overheated, right?
Yes, it's so nice of them to have the option.
HAHAHA That's still funny
You're right, but now the story is why didn't she tell the media she was sick in the first place because they've done such a great job encouraging her to be open about perceived weakness.
Shhhhhhhh.....
Her collapsing today was a lie then... now the pneumonia is a lie...
Echte handel is pas mogelijk als je aziaten onderdrukt!
Typical seattle, nobody can beat them, they can only beat themselves
I'm loving all these new Cruz memes.
IT'S THE OVERWATCH RELEASE ALL OVER AGAIN SEND HELP
Thanks ~~Obama~~ Trevelyan
Yeah WW2 was a cake walk compared to the global violence today
You come from home to hospital...
Makes sense, most morons like him.
She's more of a New Yorker than Bernie
Not having sex with a woman is called reverse-rape, and is as horrific as actual rape.
May-may you fucking casual.
It was just a huge dump I swear
I mean ... No
Because focusing on the problem serves better than focusing on a solution.
Maybe he'll give a lecture about morals.
That's totally fake too bro!
Come on, it's 2016: we should stop being Islamaphobic and just learn to accept life with frequent terror attacks!
Tag nsfw pls
Soon^^TM
"i" before "e" except after "c"
Cannot confirm; am 12
Obviously a Call of Duty ghosts reference, as S76 is pretty much Call of Duty
You are so wrong.
sa bage banul in plm si sa treaca pe full SSD :))
Jesus...
but I need that knife, what do you expect me to cut bread with a door stop
LS swap it
Ah, I forgot the
TIL you're a racist if you like Doctor Who.
Snorlax
I think you forgot your
Just got the email!
Well if Apple hadn't removed the headphone jack, they wouldn't have been forced to but a Samsung.
Exist.
A more elementary question to northies is why is Madras fighting Madras.
DLC and microtransactions in videogames, also freemium apps
Why must Alhammarret's Archive be rotating?
Because he bought a camera off eBay, duh.
well Sony did say that "greatness awaits."
Your computer, it's because everyone uses WIFI now that the pop-up ad on your LAN pc doesn't show up now.
It is most certainly rng and not timed.
In raids they share a cooldown for the raid group so you get X many brezs but in five man's they just have a ten minute CD.
Because samsungs explode
Fans at 0 for silent gaming up until 99 degrees celsius, then set it to the maximum speed so it doesn't shut down
Because your just an elitist that's wants to be carried by other players at your own gear level
But then how do you impress people on the sidewalk with your 1st gear pulls and turbo sounds?
look at all the people getting rich off of it
HE SO PRINGLES
Wow nice...
He got nerfed
Martians joining the protest
That's out of context!
No see, if you use the n word you're a racist don't you know?
so did she know she was on the Jumbotron?
Sentinel ra
*sugar rush intensifies*
No thanks, too busy busting this guy here trying to smoke a joint.
Whoah there champ you didn't go into Legion with the intention of playing something aside from the Demon Hunters they worked *so hard* on did you?
just buy a gem!
I didn't have a 1,000 Cal breakfast and have only eaten small snacks today, I better shovel some food in my face fast before my body goes into starvation mode and I gain back my 100lbs lost plus 50lbs
We should outlaw pen and paper while were at it, them dastardly note taking skills are killing us
Oh now I get it!
Username checks out
comparable for sure
Ah yes because that's how all the pros Snapchat
Well, of course - the black headmasters are brainwashed by the white patriarchy.
The Apple watches are square doh, this is for those weird ass round watches, serious who though a round watch made sense.
just in case I sounded like a dick, I am still tripping but I apologize.
This killed me...I am dead
Typical Wiki Justice Warrior, trying to stifle free speech.
I want to say we're up to 14 or 15 consecutive record breaking months... But this is a totally normal climate cycle that has nothing to do with our presence.
Bush did it.
Welp, I guess my writing-reviews-for-cash business is done for!
It's not about blanket destruction, 16 strikes against major targets will collapse a nation like France as surely as shooting a house of cards with a shotgun.
My boss is waiting on his F350 platinum cclb to be delivered, and I was just told there isn't really enough money to give me the raise I was promised when I started.... Heh...
I'm in the blackened, cold heart of New Jersey in a brick oven pizzeria, it's all trash to me unless it's made by a real pizza man/woman.
All OP cares about is christian lives.
Fucking deplorable white racist sexist islamophobic xenophobic homophobic scum!
THe only thing I'm aware of is, that people that start later get to finish their knowledge researches quicker.
"argh, I hate facts and claims supported by evidence"
But Ronaldo has that picture of him fighting Conor on Instagram!
iRekt 7
Not enough, though.
Because we only care what starters think about social justice.
Common guys 77% upvoted is too high, everyone back to the sweatshop!
I got all of them with almost a minute left... I play this game too much
Could approach North Korea about hiding their test fallout....
Damn, so close and yet so far... (University of Melbourne reporting in here)
Well the plan was if there were no restrictions, they would run 6 Ram Shocklocks with shotguns and just run around with shotguns and that completely unbroken melee
yep, the good old no password tails, where the encrypted partition isnt encrypted, lol
Username checks out.
But the album sucks, right guys?
*Valve barely adds new cosmetics from the workshop anymore, also.
Stone frowg
You forgot to add "Tell that to Zod's snapped neck" somewhere in there,
It's still her but she looks much better after cutting a few lines of coke
No, I'm pretty sure yelling really loud about how climate change is a conspiracy among liberals and scientists will reverse the very well documented and observable warming trends.
And maybe instead of visiting your girlfriend overnight, you should make her an honest woman and marry her
I can only see a widowmaker shill
I'm sure if they had chosen HypderDex your shit show would suddenly work.
Ewww, green texters.
Yeah fuck Fox News, tune in to non-bias sources such as CNN and r/politics like *I* do!
TAKEN OUT OF CONTEXT
Diablo 2 Cow level beats the udders off of Diablo 3 Cow level.
Great priorities, Mass voters
Wait a second.... I thought they were on a U-Boat!
Still cheating i see
0/10 no gildergreen
But Flood is dead
Called the POLICE
what are you trying to do, ruin the narrative?
Try "Gamer Mums and Dads"
My office has the industrial one that empties itself whenever you open it :D Downside is now I have shit keurig manners...
You rebel.
I thought it was obvious without it but here you go:
Because is a theory about the next bone?
No, you're just self-hating
Hippy crack hands down.
haha
I just hope they don't hire another plane just to use as a backdrop like last year...thats a flagrant waste of my backer money
In that case; this is LEGIT boys.
Princess, miner, ice wizard, lava hound need a buff
Rugby is a religion of peace!
Just use the PS4 Share Button ffs
No he didn't.
Except for those damn chemtrails
Yeah but hes a blue so he's automatically worse
And in 6 months, Q3 2017 will be a good bet
If Crayola taught me anything when I was a kid, it's actually Redorange.
Totally legit question!
Plus it means she's a racist.
Well, people protesting Clinton doesn't throw tomatoes at her and th don't run around dressed as the KKK...
And America lived happily ever after!
Obviously, it was Kubly and he should be fired.
I heard that's a really toxic chemical
old news
I love how blacks are being treated in Kaladesh too... Wait that came out wrong.
I used my rajhi debit card in Indiana and they would take something around that what I'd suggest is just withdrawing a big amount once since they charge a fixed rate
Because it wouldn't be weird for your boss to show a picture of their tinder crush's penis if they *weren't* an SK porn star.
I am so surprised to see Serena Williams on that list.
Who is LS, I only know of NIGHTBLUE3-THE RENGAR GOD 40KILLS PER GAME GG
Because you're distracted.
Diamonds aren't rare.. they're valuable... the sol skin is rare... people can get it if they want or not.. it's rare because everyone can get it, but everyone won't be able to
Ice it as well, will help with the swelling if any!
You forgot the
Flying High Again
Of course it is not, specially if it is RT echoing it.
Idk if the water is too cold I'll just dip cause If I dont I just cant get in.
But prices will go up forever.
Ya man, buying a new pair of jeans is totally the same as scamming thousands of people.
Jammin' in the name of the lord
It's my 18th birthday soon :)
I could just imagine him using that laptop at night to fap away, and then prepares food for customers during the day with his dried keyboard jizz on his hands
^ Mature response
3 card combo (2 if you get lucky) to deal less than lethal damage, oh no, what ever shall we do.
ah yes the falcon is definitely comparable in performance to this
And 100% reason to remember the name.
TIL: I can live forever off of heroin, as long as I stay away from the booze.
But hey we should have patience for him, he'll come good eventually right?
Yes, especially since half of Fiji's population has Indian origins
What if the 2nd/3rd DC had double CD time?
I'm sure the DNC actively colluding against him and the fact that we've had a Clinton on the office in the past had nothing to do with his primary loss.
This is nothing but good for everyone!
There was once a time when the Virtual Boy sold more than iPhone!
Not if she hasn't earned the RIGHT to buy it.
Isnt the one side black one side white an art form in japan?
Git rekt n00b.
I applaud all of the brave redditors staking their claims at a disappointing premiere
I'm pretty sure there is more than one person in this post, so this theory makes no sense
Maybe the parents have powerful connection to the Communist Party and have generous pensions
This is underrated.
It's Summa Lumma Duma Lumma plebeian.
Yeah, increasing your fame and influence over the world isn't worth anything......
I believe the root, but try whatever the opposite is of what you currently have
Your level of intelligence is just so high compared to ours, you have to understand millions of people love Netflix due to being stupid and having low standards.
Did you just assume my gender op you shit lord?
Hey, it's my boy Harambe
Im all for removing LSU from the sec as punishment.
Well every time those cars win they aren't cheating... super simple
It's gonna be electric for Poeltl
We lost our 2 top scorers against 7th seed Pacers and won
Or what ever they understand the least (which is usually the furthest from their responsibility too).
Because not much is known about the man didn't ya read?
Gee, I wonder why?
Didn't he know that the Cs would go on his permanent record?
Yes and it's -
you mean it isn't?
so every time it makes a turn, the heli would lift the back end to avoid running on pedestrians or right hooking cyclists
Uh excuse me it's $500
BUT ISLAM IS NOT A RACE IT'S AN IDEOLOGY
Build a sea and air wall, duuuh
That dude is always slacking, what are you talking about?
Lol yeah that's obviously the issue
Wink, wink, nudge, nudge, say no' more, eh?
"Beauuutiful champ" - Edmond Tarverdyan
Just picked one up tonight in store.
I'm sure the FEC will actually do something about this.
What the hell is the send button?
Noooo it was the Russians
Pishh I knew that
Ameen.
Zerg clearly the hardest race, now Zerg players have to know how to control every unit in the game.
you forgot your
Look at that mean-spirited artist - remember Hitler?
Microsoft is now experiencing this.
"white notifications" It's so awesome, nobody wants original (black notifications) back...
Stargate Universe
Hey, they 911 service is terrible, why should we pay more money for terrible service?
Oh, good.
Jesus had long ass hair yet I don't see no one complainin' Also technically Cancer Students undergone chemotherapy are not allowed too so buh bye
Yep Gon' die
well, at least he got it going.
Yeah those poooor cops
The futurama reference is real in this thread
This guy asking the important questions.
Coming from the Golden Domer.
you forgot the
*Half* white, check yer priv'lige ya Jew shitlord!
God forbid people play with their friends!
Of course... because you don't know anyone that plays on a TV, there couldn't possibly be anyone in the world that plays their console on a TV...
Most powerful military in the world... and we're basically slaves to a family of pampered, inbred pieces of shit
Pero como no vas a elegir a una mujer, que sos misogino?
I put mine on the top front of my case, and not the front...Intel is coming for me now
I should've added
We could make them afkable for before you get caught 3 times and then be forced to go to other house.
Ah, passive-aggressive behavior is always good for a relationship.
But if they *say it* it's almost as good as *doing it*.
One interest rate increase by the Fed in ten years has nothing to do with it.
Don't you think the content would be enhanced by photos of fields with inspirational quotes written overtop?
You should give me the 16 digits and CVC code, I'll try it out.
Found the non-American.
May I ask if you speak proper german?
Yes you can, and what's more, you *should*.
It's because you can't POSSIBLY have more than one player on a non LCK/LPL team.
Don't let her near Paige
Maybe he was protesting our abuse of the aboriginal people?
everybody knows i only stereotype other races and genders when im excited!
Moron: it's not 'second' as in 2nd--it's 'second' as in 'buy your gun this second.'
Just a bunch of conspiracy nuts!
Outlook hazy, try again later
The second press is just for the audible notification.
Well, I'm sure she still has Parkinson's, brain damage, urinary incontinence, and dementia.
paywall, first 3-5 free type site
Damn that's wack
Why thank-you for explaining that to me; my feeble female mind just couldn't have understood it without your help!
Roses are red, Violets are blue, Your poem sucks, But hey, Match Making does too
Maybe it's a ploy to get people to buy another battery pack
Don't you know we're supposed to be afraid of losing imaginary internet points?
Do you not just stick all the coins you have into a heap and go from there?
the timer for the respawn of the wintertodt is in the top left, it says 2 seconds left to spawn but is already at 98% energy, meaning it has been spawned for a few seconds already.
Don't question the logic of management.
No, she totally got a nose job and intentionally made it just slightly big.
I'm not here to educate you shitlord!
Yeah, I need that 8gb of ram for chrome.
Everyone knows you can't be racist to white people, you cracker piece of slave owning shit.
Do you guys think Logitech is going to scrap Saitek's current concept of the SC HOTAS, or will this not mean anything for it?
why don't we just create a constantly moving detention flotilla colony that just floats back and forth between international water territories, if anyone complains just say its the UN's problem....
More people would vote for Trump because he's not part of the elitist establishment.
We'll have a time lapse reminiscing memories.
Oh sorry I forgot to add
Bug *resistant,* not proof.
Well seeing as how we can't seem to beat the crappy teams maube we should worry....kinda
Yeah dks suck and have always sucked.
Wtf is wrestling anime now?
r/AskReddit
Jimmy Fallon had to learn that you don't join the basket of deplorables they throw you in with the rest of us.
Unless the people reproduce on Mars to grow to some meaningful number.
TIL Jon Jones made the transition from UFC to NBA
For the first time in 3+ years, I am not excited for Worlds, simply due to a shit caster lineup, great job Rito, glad you made sure to give LS a shot, he really deserves it!
Then who was phone?
I'm sure this guy is a huge fan of Atheists too
You don't seem to notice the invisible
Can't wait to see this one on cringeanarchy later
We know how to play baseball
Or, you can congratulate the man for living his life the way he wants to, with his wife.
But the hype has died down considerably!
Thanks for saying what game it is in the title...
That's not true, Mewtwo isn't a clone of Mew, I still don't know why everyone think it is, in the games it is said that Mewtwo came from Mew, it is not a clone, it's his breed
They've always struck me as a group capable of getting their arms around an issue
Just use lube!
Preach brother!
SP owners get a 2(might be 1) week exclusive period before others can play, so I assume it will be for sale when that period is up.
Repost
Well that's booring, people would need to click a link, and they wouldn't get spoiled on the location when going to unturned reddit homepage.
Quite a fantasy you got there..
It's a shame he has a wrong opinion.
That sounds very practical (I can almost imagine all of NYC's cycling population instantly giving it up with your flawless logic and bold delivery) as well as a great way to make streets safer for cyclists.
Not even 200hz 0/10
Should have plugged it into power and then dropped the phone into the water.
obviously not because I've been living in an undesirable tract house for 10 years.
I like to introduce them to my friends and watch the dynamic
In SIVA we trust.
That generally drives me crazy!
his family ran the football department.
What you don't think 4x Symmetra is fun?
Or, you know, even crazier deadly chemicals being sprayed on people.
Have to spend multiple hours of a manager's wage to ensure that one guy doesn't get an extra $10.
Aw shit, we're fucked now!
what's a whee-ul?
This is literally the same thing.
Technically, most people survived both explosions, why's HE so special?
I'm in Florida too, you don't need to have a safe car, no annual inspections!
yep he dead
Yeah, making a living is such bullshit
You dropped your
Dropped your
But men can't get raped by womyn silly
but if u wer man, whoo woz VAGINA?
I'm glad we're able to know so much about a person and validate their injury from a horse from a 15 second video.
Pistol sniping
Right because 16, 17, and 18 year olds have no concept of politics
Yeah, "The Martian" wasn't advertised at all.
Being an adult bully is so cool!
G2 picked up ibp so ibp can't throw for skins
Yup, makes me look like a super vascular weight lifter... Who went all in on "hand day" ;)
Yes, should be using a windows phone amirite?
Sorry, already traded the crates
I think it's just a matter of other teams having more tape of him now and being able to better prepare for his stuff.
Keeping it secret is how you inform people so they can make an educated purchase...
I got the second and third ghost hunting quests post game.
You could always buy a new one
Yeah that's Babe Ruth
But Catholics are so much better than Muslims.
Baku 2016, hands down!
coral blue #2
McCarthyism... really?
If Stranger Things taught me anything it's that DnD prepares you to fight interdimensional monster things.
Well Roger hasn't won a slam this year and JR just won a title so you have a point
He's gonna take them to the next level
I don't know about everyone else, but personally I won't rest until every nickle is taken from every 5 year old to be reappropriated for cultural marxism and multiculturalism
Capitalism is gonna capitalism.
They say there's thousands of people playing, bit I haven't run into a single one of them.
Surprise surprise
happy birthday you da best
Worker
But how will everyone know I am gluten free?
You mean Josh?
Check your privilege man, my art is edgy and expressive and if you think it's ugly horeshit, you just don't understand my struggle to be heard.
If video games taught me anything, it's that women armor is easier to make because there is basically nothing to it besides a bikini.
thats what I figured, i was being sarcastic, next time ill add
Tennessee?
0/10 No hands to jack me with
I have tickets, and I cannot wait :) should be the best one since '06
Trumpet tries to make an ironic post but accidentally makes a factual statement.
I think OP is talking about streams people actually watch.
The dragons have four legs... Sculpture ruined
When you stall on your lifts, this will confuse the muscles and make them grow
Health only matters if you're talking about Trump everyone knows that
Madness, I tell you, absolute madness.
It has so many interesting things and content,but something about it makes me not prefer the map :/
The First Crusade starts within thirty years of the Battle of Hastings
pls use a
Well judging from the statistics, picking a healer drastically increases your lose rate compared to all DPS teams.
I appreciate this post, but here's the sad truth: You can't have these features called "Helpful teammates" In Asia until you're rank 4000.
This will end well.
That is the most clever thing I've heard in at least 3 days
What is your discord username?
Well that was a 1, 2 punch if I've ever seen it.
i like how you turned the focus from israel to 'the jews'
It's her turn.
Well if the government troops weren't the terrorists...
You'll be happy to hear then, that Nordic Games (THQ) is currently working on Aquanox - Deep Descent, which is scheduled for late 2017.
Ya man it's just RNG
umm hasn't this been common knowledge since the 50's in Canada?
Didnt your mother tell you not to wish your whites with your reds!
No int's though.
priorities
Might be it.
xd
pssst, israel doesn't have nukes........
okay I was joking before about killing her but now you should kill her.
These are so elegant!
What is "daylight"?
No, if it's not about Israel it doesn't further the narrative and makes you racist
This is becoming nuts
Well that settles it; you're super gay and trans.
TIL white nationalism isn't the same as white supremacy.
Don't expect me to hold the door open for you if you want equal pat in the workplace
I think it is clear to all that this is the fault of American foreign policy.
How about... Jason Todd?
I am soo shocked
Yeah shooting back would stop them
I actually want that, and I just bought a R300 a few weeks ago, fak
XD so true me in real life haha heheXd
Well, there are no GoT actors nominated in Rami's category, so he has a chance.
So glad this wasn't a distraction that kept him from playing up to his full potential.
This is totally true if you ignore all of the bands that are still making music with guitars/drums/bass.
A vote for Jill Stein is a vote for Trump
There's always spots available when you are the first to arrive.
It is going to take a long time to unpack the unclear motives of this troubled individual...
Keep in mind you can lease equipment this go round.
Electric zoo
Trade him!
It's easy, don't resemble murders and you won't go to death row
They said they'd add McMullin in the next couple of days.
Yeah, right, unlike Polish cavalry attacking German tanks with lances, which was totally reasonable.
What was it originally?
The diference being that they clearly can see the same camera angles as you, that they have instant replay and slow motion replay at the hand right then and there on the field also helps them at sucking at their job compared to you.
I knew I should've added the
So this is how I elevate my belemia game
Did you just assume that person's acronym?
If you put paramotoring on there instead of paragliding it would be number 1
from first I thought it is some kind of console game because low texture resolution
*does not raise hand* I blame the lack of gun control and Islamophobia.
Sad but this probably is the only solution that will have real fast direct impact.
Jesus poledancing Christ, look in a mirror you cotton-headed ninnymuggins!
Fucking Russia....
But the exposure is great for the sport.
I always knew you were secretly an electric-whip wielding, scantily clad female, with pink and white hair and leggings.
he's just a fiery competitor
I'm sure if the British negotiators just negotiate harder foreign countries will make decisions that are against there own political interests.
that would be ideal yes, but that also applies to a lot of stuff in this game, seperation of pve and pvp would make a world of difference
Riverdance...because the Irish were always treated as equals to white and weren't slaves at the same time as black people.
Ya, she obviously hit her son on purpose, then pretended to admit that she did something really stupid like not paying attention.
This.
They just lost swagger they need someone to replace him!
Serious question, what would suing the state you're a part of achieve?
Yeah, we don't want the map to get harder than it is
that's just how they are in the ghetto!
How racist!
Article deals with IT stuff, not US politics.
I live in LV, i would have taken them ; ;
Yeah, only short people bump into furniture
As opposed to the entire other spectrum of fluid genders and sexualities of cancer you cis shitlord
if you try really hard and have really long bootstraps you can just pull yourself up dummy!
Well there's future HOF Vikings QB Sam Bradford for starters
How do you heathens represent decimals?
Because VR is a completely mature technology that people have been working with for years, so know all the ins and outs of...
BUT DONT YOU KNOW CLINTON IS A LIZARD PERSON ANTICHRIST WHOSE DELETION OF EMAILS MAKES HER LITERALLY HITLER STALIN MUSSOLINI AND A GIANT BLACK WIDOW WHO WILL EAT YOUR BABIES THIS IS DIRECT EVIDENCE SHE IS PURE EVIL INCARNATE WHO NEEDS TO BE PURGED WE CANT ALLOW HER TO CONTINUE BECAUSE SHE DELETED SOME EMAILS AND A RANDOM INTERNET PERSON ASKED HOW TO HIDE WHO SENT SOME EMAILS
As long as the baby is in her body, so up to 9 months, right?
dear god, not another idiot
Yeah but it's ***not standard*** *so junior developers who see Android for the first time won't be able to find outdated tutorials and 28000 questions on Stack Overflow for why the Fragment backstack doesn't work like they expect*, oh the woes
Las Vegas actually.
you forgot the
LOLOL AHAHA OMFG SO DID I LITERALLY ALMOST DIED HAHAH XDXDXD
"We don't have ancient ruins."
No, I'm sure they woke up after 5/10/15 years on the force and decided, "today's the day I frame an innocent person" and that also coincidentally happened to be the day they'd get caught on video doing it.
I wonder if it would take this long for an indictment if a private citizen was caught on tape choking a cop to death?
I really want to punch the back of that head
omg this is so funny lolol im dying
It was F-ing Holding!
Probably should have put a
I have R-E-S-P-E-C-T for these municipal leaders who are willing to knee before the mighty lord for the livelihood of the people.
Super Saiyan God Super Saiyan?
Reported.
My world will never be the same
Sounds like something a Nazi would say
Wake up, sheeple!
bruh pls tell me this is
Yeah, screw the worst international refugee crisis since the Second World War with more than 65 million people forcibly displaced.
Of course we always want to see half eaten food in the checkout line
We have special workers who go and change prices on the displays after a customer complains about them
Only when the US or Israel do it.
No I can't
Anyone else lean away from their screen when he lit the gasoline?
Also, crossfitters are really into them, and well, if they use them in crossfit, it must be the best
That's not gonna happen
Built in selfie camera sick!
Oh man...but it looks so good in the pics...Would you care to elaborate?
Oh yeah that is actually a bit sad ay
Self-fulfilling prophecy.
Yeah i like to run to the most populated radtowns while i craft my c4/weapons/ammo.
Apparently you've been slacking
We should petition vegan restaurants to also offer great steaks.
Now beat is without dying and you might be half as good Deltia.
There may be but if I remember right I didn't want to mess with it and just used terminal commands as well.
Alot it will be rigged
And then?
What a unexpected surprise :o
Forgiven with the XD face and Ryu -__-
It was actually original pronounced more like 'sawn', but the Sean Connery fucked everyone up.
*Don't worry kid, your Big Mama is gonna buy you this game...*
Other than that whole $60 to start...
The free market at its finest.
Its simple citizen, comply or die.
Because jinx desperately needs ANOTHER skin
Was Brangelina split was orchestrated to deflect attention from Clinton emails?
No, men's league.
What a great guy.
Guess you ain't never been to no SEC stadium then buddy!
I'm not quite sure juggling school was a sound investment.
Whatever you try to do now is going to be different in 8 months, so worry about it then.
Arkham knight doesn't count
They should have to wait in line for each individual sub.
No i only get super disappointed when i get a Snorlax or Lapras
Titan's will finally get national attention....for their sub being an underground spreader of supremacist propaganda
they're just bribing millions of people with aids medication
clearly a paid shill
I will also not reject tea, am Canadian
I can't wait until every film is 100% CGI.
Yes, a racist president is far worse than a criminal president.
TIL integration means there are zero crazy people in an immigration wave.
Fast cars, door ways, crawling through air ducts to name a few.
Charles Manson pays all my bills
Created a reddit account.
How does it explode and not die?
I'll have you know that I am a *strong* feminist, and you just triggered me.
tell everyone on my facebook about how the government is corrupt and that everything the media posts is an utter lie
Because social values are more important than selling the province off to private enterprise.
PS4 is nearly 3 years old and wasn't on the high end as well.
Who has time for friends?
You sure its not the new Apple Macs?
The INTERNET
New 52 Superman is such an asshole.
Better start training in good time
Jaiden smith has deformed feet to
Exodus 22:28 "Do not blaspheme God or curse the ruler of your people.
Come on, that is not your part^^ u/7-pairs-of-panties has to tell this.
The Avs were really popular when we were good, nowadays... :(
You forgot the
Hey man, he messed up but I think youre being a bit harsh.
Innocent people always run when approached by police.
Is that as powerful as Xbox Scorpio?
Are those tattoos on his eyebrows as well?
I can't wait for the 24/7 coverage of this on the regular media!
Cause the Nine are the Warminds!
But the computer does all the work for you!
Yeah but our players flop, so we're the cheats
No dude, he's right, homophobia was created by the Political Correctness Police in the 90s, there was never any violence against or discrimination of gay people before then.
Look at Alabama with their diverse selection of uniforms
Thanks for reminding us that there is no symbolic shaming of kids going on when a perfectly good lunch is tossed to prove a point...or if there is shaming, it's no big deal.
"But Zenyatta has a heal where you can't die and he's the worst healer"
Why don't you gank for hashinshin?
None, there have been sightings of European Wolves once or twice but I'm originally from Turkey and we've got bears, wolfs, snakes etc.
V
That's TWO THOUSAND nodes.
There are very good reasons not to publish ECU source code.... Ask Volkswagen-Audi Group!
*two points
Well, other than a condom, but fuck that noise.
Message me GT: BandyChalice
Good thing they are keeping it affordable for their fans.
They're just trying to break you in for student loans.......
Just the kind of guy I want to represent me.
DestreaZ - 345 Hunter 320/340 offerings
Maybe it's one of those newfangled z270 boards
ugh lyk omg Drumpf supporters are #sowhite
Bbbut it's Rasmussen now that it's back for trump it doesn't count.
No offense but this is the most retarded type of ach you could add.
Gold objective time for the healer, every time...why can't my team play the objective at least a little bit?
I guess they'll have to import the talent.
0/10 Pearl has no nose
How?
wut
Or it being available to PC players.
RASH B FAKIN KNOOP
it becomes 16:9 if you go fullscreen
Probably overcharging to try and recoup their losses from the price mistake earlier.
Close your eyes while having the game on your television?
Yes you can get both
wat, you don't like tanks of gas strapped to your ass next to your firearms?
Everyone knows the wall street journal is a liberal rag.
hey if they're not Christian Americans, who cares amirite?
Donald Trump
did you really spend 50minutes on a meme well done
So is this the new Clinton subreddit?
Labor at least suggested changes to negative gearing which would have been a good start at reducing appeal of housing as an investment ... didn't help them much at the election.
Don't go to that spot
but then you would have to add "_&amp;_sausagerolls" to your username
Technically... he didn't ask for nudes, and therefore I conclude that he's just a geniunely nice person philosophizing...
Well obviously you just feel that way because you aren't part of the entertainment industry
Oh yeah, that evil athiesm.
You dropped this:
I saw at least 1 black guy in that picture idk what you guys are all upset about
With scrap prices being around $30 a ton depending on your location that core return is a good price to get something out of the way that you will end up banging your shin on for the next two years if you don't send it now.
I see Google is taking advice from Niantic now
Yeah, China would be totally cool with a US-friendly country on its border and its land access to the Sea of Japan cut off.
Just throw the spare on and you're fine!
You know, what we really need to do is instate some kind of law that combats vagrancy....some kind of vagrancy law...
Real men have fur.
Or retracted their original statements in light of new facts, instead of doubling down.
You're a big fat meanie ;)
When did sony and Microsoft ever enforce drm?
And how dare you scoring on them if they are trying freestyles for their montage?
How long did it take for you to knit some denim fibers?
I trust the free markets for guarding my precious bodily fluids.
I wonder if their are any overhaul mods that change the damage numbers and enemy scaling to make the game more balanced.
Lol you forgot the
add new innate passive spell % damage scales off str rather than int
So basically nothing new
A chi sostiene la teoria della Chiesa che fa il lavaggio del cervello e che frena il progresso: come si spiega allora la diffusione del creazionismo in ambienti principalmente protestanti?
"It has 250k, just getting broken in, mostly highway miles" Yeah, I'll take your word for that with no other form of verification
Don't worry, they are a top 3 team.
Right...that made total sense
Oh hey, it's the art from that Ford advert.
Nice own goal, idiot.
this is stock, right?
See, that's what happens when you elect a black president, he brings racism to the whites instead of leaving it with just the blacks where it belongs.
No it would be permanent, but trust them it won't change anything.
I mean, Obama *did* found ISIS, so it isn't surprising.
Anti-Air
She's probably just been listening to a lot of early underground jungle.
Phi Phi blaming other people but not her is at it AGAIN
*'Putin's close friend'*; Now there is a source demanding of the front page.
That awkward moment when someone asks Malcolm the rules...
Yes, news organizations routinely apologize for being accurate.
Because Republicans love Hillary, they have no problem working with her.
Is there a point in which we can say matz is injury-prone?
The tattoo segment with the girl getting a cover-up job.... Gosh, it must be so terrible as a white person to be judged for something you choose to cover part of yourself with.
Everybody knows that beta males are significantly more stable than alpha males, but you're still better off waiting for the first point-release to iron out most of the bugs.
or just hire illegals, pay 'em cash, and shut up about it.
Well clearly since she's staying then it's her fault if she's in a bad relationship
Not this one, it has a USB C classification.
It was sarcasm, didn't think I needed
Ya lor, must be foreigner, coming here to undercut our salaries
You forgot the
Knew i shoulda put
Aha, yes that makes sense
Under what stone have you been sleeping for the past two weeks man?
I don't get the picture they say it changes but they all look like T1 to me
That would destroy trumps credibility if aligned with him.
Love myself a good lasagna
That's sexist.
Because Hillary Clinton is a *woman* and being against Hillary Clinton means being against *women*
Yeah, but that's just a rounding error okay so can we chill with the racism.
Shhh don't let other people on reddit hear you, you mean heavily towards the *correct* side.
Get away!
Lovely, tender smile.
It's so unlikely that a loving couple make themselves feel great for a while every day ofcourse
That Bumgarner seems like he could be the next mediocre postseason hero
So cool.
Geez guys get a room.
But they're *police*!
It's not really a surprise that he comes out at the end so it's not much of a spoiler.
Marine corps
wow I didn't know you could do that
First reason to buy an Oculus then, but still will go with Vive.
Why is this documentary not in the public domain?
Kiss ass
_Be thankful you have a game to pay for!_
Everyone knows you can't steal white people's culture because they have no culture!
We all know it was Stephanie McMahon
Why would she apologize for getting rich?
I bet you have.
Apparently you needed this
You finally got competition in the aircraft shooter genre!
Jumping to conclusions here.
Nah, really?
I dunno, palmer says the blacks have never had it worse!
So progressive!
Yes, shame on all those who don't believe in the lampshade megaphone
yes but in Fifa 17, Coq is 81 and Xhaka is 84
The whole raid revolves around a maxed out sword...
*Atoms* are made of protons, neutrons, and electrons.
I can't stand reading anything he writes.
mmm sour creams
There have been several reports of one, I can't check because I'm away from the DS right now.
we all know the answer lul
Yeah, because people really think Carlos Condit doesn't bring the fight at all and is totally scared of his opponents in the cage
Did I ever tell you about the time my mom got a new phone and didn't know how to use it correctly?
i think chainsaw claws are quite the a e s t h e t i c s mind you
Beliefs
BUT MUH THAT WAS ONLY THE FIRST YEAR HUR
Gangs don't exist either people
Fucking 9.0.2...
I know ain't ain't a word lol, and agreed, no one should jump to a conspiracy or any other conclusions.
Got em
Wow and the window is not even open, he must really want to come here.
i heard that getting a membership is a good method.
Is this cultural appropriation?
It helps it along faster if you vote for trump.
Because I totally need an organization to represent the times I stand on a bus.
I'm more a Donny and Marie guy
Would you be able to tell if he simply copied that section from another screenshot and pasted it over another one?
Respect my opinion!
No pirates are killing tv not tv.
For research things... and masturbation.
Those are the 15,000 lbs ones, right?
I forgot the
Yup and Ronaldo has been taking so many breaks the past decade so that explains why he is awesome still.
I, the president of DC films will now be adding it to the line up because of your suggestion.
because right side drive is too mainstream for a hipster like op
#NAME?
Blu Raspberry for life, you heathen.
Already ran into someone complaining about the smart pistol in TF2 :D Oh my sweet summer child, you know nothing of the smart pistol woes.
I'm surprised there's a jet flying around killing randomly.
They hide themselves into one of those Maersk shipping containers en-route to US maybe?
I'm in, if that's the uniform that must be worn at all times.
RobGamings did
It is the small, but worthy price we must pay for our 2nd Amendment.
EXACTLY what they needed!
Don't judge me!
Yeah, someone tell that Oedipus guy that being ignorant of your own damn life is not ironic!
I know right, fuck teams that don't want to take the risk of having to 5 man it because someone is under 365
I'm sure this will only lead to increased functionality across multiple platforms to bring an improved user experience to their current content delivery format
Quick Reply also doesn't auto dismiss after sending... it's annoying
Yes it's good old fashioned Christian family values that these folk are lacking
i don't know which broadcast you were watching but joe buck on foxsports does not scream incoherently unless the cardinals are winning.
That's a honey melt!
Hey dude where is your SLI bridge
He's playing?
/rolleyes Yes, because anyone who goes to those places is so obviously gender queer etc
Yeah, I've never been to a private business where the employees don't give a shit about their jobs.
I do not see any resemblance at all.
Maybe his reaction time was slowed down due to smoking the blunt had they told him another 10 times it may have registered with him.
I'm working 5-6 as a PhD student while taking classes, but the good thing is i have no intellectual involvement I'm just told what to do (exactly what to do) over 12 hour work days 6 days a week and my sundays I need to makeup any hours I spent in class in the lab....
Yup and the few times the players &amp; organization of the Patriots that have been caught cheating, have NOTHING to with any of his wins... Nope not a single one.
Yeah, that's what happened before.
You should get a 390 instead
Trickle down economics definitely works
TIL why prison guards are called screws
To bad your blitz was so heavy
Cyanide would make a certain orange haired bigot much more likable.
I think we shouldn't count s2, s3, s4 and s5 as WC because Japan, didn't have an specific server....It is so unfair for them
Because nothing says sustainability like supporting a family of four and spending 60-80% of your income on rent...
But we don't have boots on the ground.
Precisely, well at least this world isn't ruled by bankers
Came here to say this :D
The genius bar can fix it, they can fix anything.
That's what you get for running ferries on Sundays.
I use it for tourneys only, it doesn't really work on the ladder because it relies on your cards always doing what they are supposed to (Ex: zap kills goblins, ice spirit arrives at the tower)
See, this is why we need to ban the marijuanas!
NA ping
Huk is a fantastic member of the analyst desk
Asexuality is the one true sexuality and all else is perversion!
As a Marlins fan demanding Jose tributes, I find this flair utterly obnoxious.
No I wouldn't
This is sure going to become a civil and respectful discussion soon
Missed opportunity cmon op
specificlanguage
Damn, I'm glad we have the BoM since the Bible is so riddled with scribal additions
That's the Reading Rainbow guy right?
well apparently Tannehill is the issue so maybe it does
I'm sure Sanders supporters would be gladly supporting Clinton-supporters "protest-voting" had he won the nomination.
Hey you said you were leaving.
buy low opportunity for Jash Gruden?
I just can't fathom why they don't want to support the Democratic Party
Yeah, Norman and his shutdown coverage really is stopping OBJ today
Krzysztof Soszynski :).
But it says always in the title!
Before Michelle came along, American public school lunches were true fine dining.
good thing this one only knows karate.
That's my fetish
Won't someone *please* think of the drug dealers!
Probably because most people don't know who he is.
But I thought Verrett was meant to shut TY down today?
You mean Nigri without a push up bra?
Yeah just vote for the person with guaranteed to be on the warpath instead.
lol
How dare you!
Amputate quickly!
Nah, you're playing more so bungie can tell their masters that the expansion is a success.
forgot
killing defenseless animals is SO COOL!
Because FUCK THIS GUY AMIRITE?
A hilarious moment I haven't seen anyone talk about yet is Norm's "I've got a question for ya.... Who is the worse man, Martin Luther King Jr.... or Stalin!"
I'll give you 100$ for it
Put it in coke
Isn't digital instant ?
It is horrible that there are places on Earth where people are killed for simply speaking their mind or expressing themselves.
...
Holy shit, I didn't even realize
Ya McKenna is terrible, why bother jeez.
Dirty mutant
Why didn't they just ban guns, like here in Sweden?
But they were driven to desperation by the white capitalist patriarchy!
Read the comments mate!
She better unbind herself, sitting isn't professional
Yellow!
Yeah sure I'll just install a random binary package on my machine and run it
Im assuming, *banana everything line*.
Yet that street preacher got mad when I told him I took Harry Potter as seriously as the bible...
He only supports Houli
Epicly hard not to crash.
Dresden Files did it first.
Yes, because guys never do this.
Uh oh, sounds like that exchange rate is just going to make that wall much more expensive!
When jobs are hard to come by... you need to import more job-seeking immigrants
The nice thing about mathematics is that you can solve difficult problems without getting too emotional about it.
Yeah especially when he was calling people fags.
That doesn't sound right... Pretty sure Fedor is perfect in every way
Pussy
TIL I am Japanese.
Wow I did not see this coming.
Soon as mason costs them a grand final berth than he will be steppin in those shoes
Japanese, like all of the gundams
Most of he time with these gifs the girls are clearly struggling in purpose but I think this one was giving it all she got
All of the above
but but, r/Enoughtrumpspam has told me donald will shoot nukes off and abolish civil rights and cause the world to explode...They told me a third party vote is a vote for trump and I am part of the problem!
Looking forward to Nate Silver somehow spinning this as a huge sign that Trump is gonna win.
my bad, forgot the
You need to check your Buzzfeed journalist meeting privelige!
Skrillex - Scary Monsters and Nice Sprites
Not true, I just HE spammed in my Cleveland and hid behind islands and cause people to rage at me
I think we all know that was murder
If I wanted to play a generic MOBA I would play LoL or Smite instead.
Yeah, let's overthrow a democratically elected leader!
I hope they give him a bigger gun this time!
You would think with Howard's ability to hit the ball over 300 yards, he would have gotten a few comparisons to Arnold Palmer.
Yes this will definitely improve our D
The guy doesnt have that good a job and cant be using his little money on a computer?
These are the only paces I've ever seen a popular black and green combanation!
What, you don't see why he finds unquestionable authority appealing?
I don't get it.. what's the old General-type guy to the right of Tennessee?
It has to be the headphone jack!
Oooh burn!
This an incomplete American section.... no "Honey Buns" or "Pecan Rolls"
Its pretty obvious that the wily Brahmin Janata Party wants to promote it so that Muslims won't earn any interest, which the banias will steal.
Hey, when is Putin sending my paycheck.
About 3
No, the protestors sacked Fig eight times.
God help us all.
He gotta stop dropping that
Nah, he deleted that tweet so he never said that
Ew BDSM much
Yeah maybe he was a historical reenactor who got mad about being on the losing side.
The free market, clearly
I haven't checked the code, but wouldn't the limit have to remain, so old nodes that cant understand the segwit stuff, still see max 1 MB blocks so there wouldn't be a chain fork?
Well that's not nerve wrecking at all
lol When you play as 4 stack cause you can't find a 5th player and that random teammate instalocks mid or carry... Yeeeee, that's way better.
Only two candidates huh
probably neckshot
The best kind of correct
But maybe we can all be as smart as him one day!
But it'll get 'em all HOOKED!
You see it's funny because not assuming stranger's genders is a ridiculous concept and who gives a fuck about mentally ill people suffering right
Yeah, because he wasn't powerful enough on his own.
Says the guy who isn't married.
No adminz plz only do things that can monetize reddit better its what the people on the site really want
Fuck "reality" and it's liberal bias.
You sound like a casual
The US can't commit war crimes
She was literally 50 points ahead during the debate.
Lest we forget the DePaul debacle
Why daggers when you can make hundreds of silver rings that weigh nothing, and when you enchant with sneak are worth a lot more?
B-but muh "working as intended" and "just aim after you hook, noob"
BUT WE HAVE TO WATCH OUT, IT COULD BE BAD EXPERIENCE
Online polls are meaningful, you guys.
Be careful now, wouldn't want another Trump lawsuit!
No shit dumbass that's how you win debates.
Asshole using the tap water, I haven't had a drink of water since the drought
Of course you can't find a media network more credible than CNN right
Really, have you done it?
I have doubts that you love musicals...and haven't heard of Hamilton.
No I'm the best person on the sub
Ya 28 picks in route to a 3-13 record isn't shitty
His having trouble with Entitlements.xml
So Allardyce's England has: * The highest win rate (100%) * Won all their WC Quali round matches * Used the same 23 player squad throughout * Averages a goal per game * Never lost a penalty shoor out *And they fire him...*
Funny, she doesn't have that Jewish look.
I'm a PoGo player and i'm pretty sure it's 145
I still like eight year old girls
No but it'd definitely make non-compliance a moot issue.
I'd empty my wallet for Zero Saber on her motorcycle as a Rider.
I live in Ueno and have never seen a roach, are they uncommon or am I just blissfuly unaware of there presence?
dont you know that sex is a social construct
Ah the good ol' days before job-killing regulations.
Because that will lead to immediate success...
I'd be creeped out by either drunken sex.
Console spawn distance
Because it's not cool to have every vowel gone duh.
because it's 100% always the kicker's fault all the time whenever a field goal doesn't go through the big yellow thingys
Climate change since its a hoax by the chinese
Clearly a gummy bear since he's u/EdibleFriend